1 haha they made that scene from zootopia into a movie 
2 I don't trust anyone who dislikes this movie. 
3 I challenge Letterboxd to add a sixth star. 
4 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  santino died on his way to beat up his sister's abusive husband... thats one hella honorable way to go  
5 i mean... it wasn't as good as twilight (2008) but it was ok 
6 i said it once and i'll say it again...70's al pacino can like...get it 
7 Leave the gun, take the cannoli 
8 “Do you renounce Satan and all his works?”*Michael looks at the camera like Jim Halpert* 
9 I was sooooo ready to say this was overhyped but nope, it’s as good as everyone says it is. On to part 2. 
10 sofia coppola’s dad did a pretty good job of adapting hbo’s succession for the big screen! it’s a great little indie movie check it out! 
11 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  if don vito can survive five gunshots i can survive my exams  
12 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  tag yourself, i‘m Al Pacino staying out of everyone‘s bullshit, to later freak out and kill everyone.  
13 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   One perfect moment: When Michael and Kay discover Vito’s been shot, his immediate reaction is to race to a phone booth and call home to check on his father. Until this point in the movie, Michael insists he wants no part of his father’s business. But when he reads the newspaper headlines about the assassination attempt, something changes in his face. And then he goes to the phone booth and slams the door on Kay so she can’t overhear the…   
14 I think you get kicked off Letterboxd if you don't give it 5 stars 
15 why have you all been pretending for 45 goddamn years that you can understand a word marlon brando says in this movie without subtitles 
16 i have a thing for al pacino in this movie and i hate myself 
17  The story of the Corleone Family. A close-knit Italian household where the Don knows best. From lavish weddings to ceremonial baptisms, the Corleone's live the American Dream; one cannoli at a time.I had never seen The Godfather until today. I grew up more Tony Montana than Michael Corleone. I liked my gangsters snorting piles and piles of cocaine, and saying hello to their little friend. Later on, I discovered Italian Gangsta EuroTrash Mob Movies and Japanese Yakuza flicks. In…  
18 i mean... it's the fucking godfather, it slaps, what else am i supposed to say? 
19 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  eating lasagna while watching michael corleone kill two men has to be one of the best experiences of my life  
20 a fun lighthearted family movie 
21 Al Pacino as Michael Corleone........ I would raw exactly one (1) short man 
22 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Maybe it's because I recently watched Part 3 but this viewing the entire thing felt so much more tragic. I mean, sure, Michael becomes a cool mob boss who crushes his enemies but he dooms himself to an existence where he's going to lose everyone close to him. Anyway this movie rules. Every scene is great, every role perfectly cast. Great work, Francis.  
23 This was my first viewing ever of The Godfather. I'm sorry everyone. Forgive me. This is the most overrated film I've ever seen to date. However, the acting was outstanding. I loved Marlon Brando in particular. It really frustrates me that I wasn't crazy about this. 
24 the main reason this is considered one, if not the best, film ever it's because how hot Al Pacino looked 
25 This may not be your ordinary family, but they provide enough thrills, laughs, and yes heart, that this sorely needed beacon of hope is exactly what we need right now. The real "offer we can't refuse" is that we all deserve empathy and kindness, which may be the most "Sicilian" message of all in these times. 
26 in sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns 
27 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I just don't like it, and before you rip my head off and scream endlessly in my dead ear about how amazing this movie is, let me ask you this: Have you ever been in church and the minister up front is droning on and on in a monotone fashion, talking about Biblical side character people and stories that you have absolutely no interest in because they don't relate to you at all. You're looking for anything to attract your…   
28 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  waking up with a severed, bleeding horse head in your bed placed there just for you <3  
29 i wish marlon brando was my fairy godmother 
30  100"Just wasn't enough time, Michael. Wasn't enough time." What a marvelous 4K restoration. Shout-out to the archivists and preservationists who worked to bring this classic to such a high level of detail and fidelity. As for the film itself, you know what it is, and if you don't, now is as good of a time as any to wander into its tapestry of family legacy. Here are two of my favorite scenes: I adore the dissolve from Vito laying…  
31 don: a sicilian cannot refuse a request on the day of their daughter's weddingcops: i request you stop all the crimedon: god fucking damn it 
32 *al pacino comes on screen*me: god....it’s me again.... 
33 young al pacino jesus christ i would die for you 
34  Part of Buddy the Elf, What's Your Favorite Color?“Do you renounce Satan?” “I do renounce him.” “And all his works?” “I do renounce them.” “And all his promises?” “I do renounce them.” In Italy, for 30 years under the Borgias, they had warfare, terror, murder, and bloodshed. But they produced Michelangelo, Leonardo da Vinci, and the Renaissance. In Switzerland, they had brotherly love—500 years of democracy and peace. And what did they produce? The cuckoo clock.In America, they…  
35 ”leave the gun, take the cannoli” he just like me fr 
36 "Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.""I don't like violence... I'm a businessman.""... After all, we are not communists." 
37 that’s my emotional support family right there who’s doing it like the corleones 
38 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  michael: *casually meets the men he’s about to murder at a restaurant, appearing calm and friendly, making conversation. goes to the bathroom, comes back retrieving a gun from the bathroom and TAKES OUT his guests*the waiter to michael, while starring at the bloody dead bodies of who he thought were going to be paying customers: sir this is an olive garden  
39 it's no the irishman 
40 realized I’m sexually attracted to Abe Vigoda 
41 michael corleone short king 
42 My parents own the DVD, but watching it on AMC with commercials, edited for language, is just how it was meant to be seen. 
43 It's The Godfather. 
44 i love italians i wish they were real 
45  I hope everyone had a wonderful Thanksgiving!It doesn't get any better than this folks. Every Thanksgiving I watch four films that revolve around the life of the mafia, gangsters, that sort of thing. No matter if I throw in a new film or not, the first two Godfather films are always cemented in my marathon. Simply put, The Godfather is perfect. No film, except it's sequel, has come close to the level of cinematic nirvana that Coppola's work achieves.…  
46 There should be a warning on the blu ray or something... It's a fucking Christmas movie. Don't watch it in August! 
47 bitches complain about the godfather being too long and then go and binge watch 7 episodes of a tv show... it's me, i'm bitches 
48  100"In looking at The Godfather as a whole, I simply fall into its rhythms and then three hours pass by, waking up as if in a stupor. It has the immense capacity of feeling as if this stretch of continuity is liquid – flowing by like a river. And yet, The Godfather is a section of a life lived, a rise and a fall, and its ultimate accomplishment is condensing it into an easy-going popular entertainment that still shocks…  
49 this is a pretty small indie movie idk if any of u will have heard of it but u should check it out i thought it was really good 🙈 
50 whatever. Overrated as hell 
51  Immortal for its contribution to cinema & one of the prime examples of filmmaking art, The Godfather is a remarkable inside-out look at the life of a mafia family that also paints an astounding portrait of organised crime. Scoring full marks in all aspects of filmmaking, be it direction, screenplay, acting, cinematography, editing or music, this crime drama immerses viewers into its world from the very beginning and narrates its story with such strong magnetic grip for the next three hours…  
52 I worked as a camera guy on this film. Martin didn't listen to my complaints that we needed to go talk to George Lucas and get Qui Gon in the film. This film, while very good, lacks Qui Gon, which ties the plot together in ways that only Martin and myself knew. 0.5/10He should have listened and put Lego Qui Gon in it. 
53 Zum ersten Mal im Kino in 4k restauriert zum 50-jährigen Jubiläum 👌Für 3 Stunden eskapistisch in eine längst vergangene Welt entfliehen, um hautnah mitzuerleben, wie sinnlose Gewaltspiralen nie enden, weil wir Menschen nichts aus der Geschichte lernen. 
54 This has a reputation for being very good, and it is. They really nailed this one. Congratulations to everyone involved - you are now one of the immortals.You’ve got Brando’s highly stylized, almost gargoyle-like performance, and then you’ve got Pacino’s simmering, internalized performance right next to it, and they fit together perfectly. How did they do it? Folks, it’s called “movie magic.” 
55 love too now understand references 
56 Its the godfather, end of review. 
57  While exceptional movies always hold up ... Masterpieces get even better each time you see them."You don't even think to call me Godfather. You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder - for money."Of all the movies I have ever written about, coming up with thoughts worthy of The Godfather might be the most daunting yet. It has one of the great musical themes, top-notch…  
58  Before you all get mad😡at my low score please just look at my poster choice. See. Isn’t that adorable. Don’t you feel better now?😌🙏I didn’t think I would love this as much as everyone else but I didn’t expect to dislike it this much🤷‍♀️. It was so boring I was begging for it to end.😭 I blame Love is Red for this (follow him. He’s nice🙏).Just 3 hours of dudes in suits🕴️mumbling about how they want to kill…  
59 Primeiro, parece um festival de grandes curtas metragens, um filme bom depois do outro, “O Casamento”, “A Proposta”, “O Hospital”, “A Siciliana”. Todos filmes belos e verdadeiros, como numa antologia de contos que vão surtindo um efeito cumulativo dramático até que percebe-se que estão todos presos uns nos outros e que a história toda dos Corleone forma uma árvore grande e frondosa onde o tronco termina sendo Michael, que parecia ser só um galho frágil. A primeira vez que eu vi esse filme eu tinha 15 anos, foi na TV. Apple iTunes/Dolby Vision 4K (imagem bela de filme). 
60 Don’t worry I’ll make him an offer he can’t refuse.Who else would like to be the cat sitting on Don Vito Corleone's lap? 
61 [inarticulate Italian noises] 
62  Cinema has value because of films like The Godfather. This artform, pictures at twenty four frames per second, can tell the most wonderful stories, and this is one of the best. The least controversial opinion in the world is that The Godfather is a masterpiece. Time moves forward, the seasons change, The Godfather will outlast us all.The very first lines of The Godfather give praise to America. To these immigrants who have made a fortune, the streets are truly…  
63 I really hope there’s a sequel 
64 "do you renounce satan and all his works?"top to bottom masterclass. unrivaled. those three hours just fly by, dont they? 
65 Ohhh so they're Italian? 
66 No matter how great it is, it’ll NEVER be as Italian as Moonstruck and that’s a fact! 
67 Young al pacino oh god jesus Christ... 
68 al kinda cute in this 
69 Has anyone seen this one? It’s good 
70  I know people love this movie, but I am very close to hating it.This was my 2nd time watching the film to completion and I think I should get a medal for it. Three long hours of boredom, no characters I can connect with or care about, and a plot that offers the occasional interesting moment but is mostly just people mumbling about how they want to kill other people. If I'm going to spend this much time invested…  
71  During the summer of 1999, I worked part time at the local library, a minimum wage, 12 hours a week gig during high school to get some extra cash to waste. My favorite part of each shift was the last few minutes before we closed, when I would take a stroll over to the DVD section and browse for what I wanted to watch later that night. During my brief tenure in that position, my film universe exploded from what…  
72 if i told 1972 al pacino that i loved him and he didn’t say it back that would be it for me 
73  🏆98%To not call this film a masterpiece would compromise my own integrity, because I truly believe it is as good as everyone says. This is my first time watching The Godfather in several years, and it has only gotten better with age. Being someone who appreciates the subtleties just a bit more (now) allow me to respect what Coppola was going for even more so. The direction is absolutely brilliant. You may ask yourself; “why is he docking 2%?”…  
74 Simply the best Godfather, apart from the other two which are just as good. 
75 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  after the first two hours i was so tired from all the Plot and was lowkey jealous of don corleone when he fukin dropped dead  
76 ah ha ha hey ... hey where's the freakin ... gabagool?? ha ha... you muthafucka ... you muthafucka ah ... dont make me get the *POW*!!! ... hey im WALKIN here!!! 
77  The Godfather is inserted, in its own way, in that nostalgic vein widely frequented by New Hollywood filmmakers, within which the classic genres are reworked and revitalized, according to a very explicit language, distant from previous stylistic and content conventions. The subject - the world of immigrants dedicated to crime - has in fact already been the basis of many films in the past, but thanks to the extraordinary talent of Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo, and the superproduction…  
78 Ya podrán dejar de burlarse de mi por no haber visto El Padrino 
79 Definitely late to the party.But what a party it was. 
80 It’s the kind of movie that inspires people to say “they don’t make ‘em like that anymore” because they really and truly do not. 
81 underrated gem 
82 The Don is master.The Don is wise.The Don is good.The Don is bad.The Don is mad.The Don is great.The Don is supreme.The Don is corrupt.The Don is love.The Don is father.The Don is withered.The Don is ill.The Don is God.The Don is dead... But not forgotten...A milestone... A pure milestone! 
83 sicilians 🙄 
84 god i wish i could walk into the movie theatre on opening night in 1972 with zero idea of what to expect 
85 Peter Clemenza: "Leave the gun. Take the cannoli."Lenny Montana (Luca Brasi) was so nervous about working with Marlon Brando that in the first take of their scene together, he flubbed some lines. Director Francis Ford Coppola liked the genuine nervousness and used it in the final cut. The scenes of Luca practicing his speech were added later.🏆 Awards: 30 wins (3 Oscars) & 31 nominations⏳ Runtime: 171 minutes (minus credits)🎥 Total Shots: 870⏱️ Average Shot Length: 11.8 secondsRequested by Jacookie 💬Recommend a movie here 👇Request a Review 🎥Completed Requested Reviews ✅Favorite Movies 🏆 
86 A friend should always underestimate your virtues and an enemy overestimate your faults.I think objectively, this might be the greatest film ever made. Cappola crafts his vision perfectly and you see it from the all-time story telling, the gorgeous cinematography, a captivating score and generational castings (what Al Pacino and Marlo Brando do here is beyond incredible). Its the perfect crime-gangster drama, my favourite one ever, and is likely the most influential/quotable one to exist.Probably has my favourite movie character ever in Michael Corleone, seeing his transition come full circle during the baptism scene is an experience you cant really forget. A masterpiece. 
87 I looooove the plot i looooove al pacinooooo 
88 Brando's cheek muscles deserved a standing ovation and a mic drop at the Oscars. That man could write an emotional saga with nothing more than a legendary squint 
89 My better half kindly gifted me the 4K restoration for my birthday. Watching a man lose his soul has never looked so beautiful. 
90 Just watched The Offer on Paramount+ and couldn't help but be reminded of this movie. 
91 The Godfather  more like The Good Movie 
92  While I'd still choose the second film by a landslide, Pauline Kael's assertion of this being a perfect merger of commerce and art is absolutely correct - this is arguably the blueprint for the ideal form of popular narrative cinema. Structurally magnificent - constantly astonishing in how the film doesn't follow A-B plot mechanics at all (if not traditional plot devices period) and is actually almost devoid of subtext: two things we're often told (whether it be teachers or producers)…  
93 not that good tbh, i almost threw up this was so bad 
94  I just love how Brando is the star of the poster and most memorable character of this first entry... yet, he barely shows up for less than 15 mins or so.Started the new year with a fang and ending it with a bang (ahhh see what I did there?) - this is the epithome of family drama and gangster movies, and whoever says otherwise, well, in The Dude's own word: "Yeah, well, that's like your opinion man..."What can…  
95 couldn't be more ashamed of the four-and-a-half stars I gave this film last year 
96  behind the endless myth of this epos of grandeur lies the story why it has become what it has become - a first class cultural artifact. cause behind the family, the festivities, the constellations. behind operations, directives, commands. behind the procedures, routines, collocations. behind bargains, shootouts, killings. behind stuffed chin Brando, Pacinos eyes glancing into the abyss and sundry genre and non genre farrago, there is this crucial point - and it becomes clear only with the final image:paternalism…  
97  On the big screen in my little Wisconsin town.I haven't had cable in... basically ever, so I haven't had the experience many have of catching parts of this on tv over the years. Haven't really seen it in maybe 15 years? God. It's so much movie. And I like how everyone involved with the film agreed not to fuck it up. So it could just be perfect every single second.It's one thing for a Kubrick movie to be…  
98 Watched it with my sister-in-law. She'd never seen it! Dads of the world are right for loving this one. Just like how they were right with Thin Lizzy and The Three Stooges. Let's not examine the voting records of dads as a group, we're having such a nice time. 
99 Take the cannoli.“Lemme tell you something. The Godfather is the greatest fuckin movie in da world.”   — John Travolta as Gotti 
100   Now you come and say "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me "Godfather." You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder - for money  This was playing at AMC in Dolby AND was included in my AMC Stubs membership. It was an offer I couldn't refuse... When the only flaw a film…  
101  Rated R - 2 Hours 55 MinutesDirector: Francis Ford Coppola Starring: Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall Summary: The violent and tumultuous reign of the aging Godfather comes to an end, his son triumphantly takes his place as the head of the family! Quintessential american gangster epic featuring Hollywood royalty namely Marlon Brando and Al Pacino! Brando was born for the role of Don Corleone! Brando's larger than life performance captured the very essence of a mythical…  
102 as if hospitals weren't bad enough already, this film really had to go ahead and make them seem just outright terrifying 
103 it’s ok 
104 I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. 
105 I like to imagine that Coppola and the gang were sitting around the table, saying, "It's almost perfect...but it's missing SOMETHING", and then some guy said, "Wait! I've got it!", and that's how we got that scene where Apollonia shows her boobs for 5 seconds and The Godfather was born. 
106 It just is the perfect tragic tale 
107  Winterzeit ist Klassikerzeit die Sechste (6/2)Sizilianer lieben Spagetti. Ebenso sehr einen guten Wein. Ob weis oder rot. Tanzen nicht minder gerne.Wie singend mit der ganzen Familienschaar.Gute Anzüge sind Pflicht. Kaum weniger elegante Kleider. Heiratet eines der Kinder des Paten, ist er dazu verpflichtet, Bitten anzunehmen. Und Don Vito Corleone, Pate der New Yorker Familie, nimmt Bitten an. Francis Ford Coppola verfilmt den gleichnamigen Roman von Mario Puzo. Schraubt die Nebencharakter der Buchvorlage auf ein Minimum, so wird…  
108  🏆100%“I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.”The Godfather is a masterpiece in every single way possible and it truly deserves the praise it gets. Francis Ford Coppola truly created a masterpiece and it’s definitely an all-timer for storytelling, as my second film from him I’ve watched it was an absolute masterpiece and it’s possibly one of the greatest films ever made. The cinematography is simply breathtaking and I found myself in love with some of the…  
109  What can I say?I watched this movie for the first time in my life this morning. When I was younger, I always avoided it for its length (I never had the patience for films longer than 2 hours), but today I bitterly regret not having had this experience when I was younger. The Godfather  is a transitional film that shines the spotlight on two brilliant leads played by two of the greatest actors of all time. At first I…  
110  “You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?”IMDB’s top 4 highest rated films of all time are: The Godfather, The Godfather II, The Dark Knight, and Shawshank Redemption. Among these four, The Godfather is the only one I truly believe to be deserving of this status. The Godfather is in a league of its own. TDK has a weird ethics narrative insertion in the 3rd act, terrible action…  
111 Sleeping with the fishes sounds kinda nice honestly, I bet they form a little fish bed for you to lie on and everything, probably sing you to sleep like a Disney movie. Sign me up. 
112 Esse é o tipo de filme que você vai ter vontade de assistir em momentos diferentes de sua vida, ele vai te trazer muitos aprendizados e te fazer julgar alguns comportamentos dos personagens. 
113 yeah like its good but its no the virgin suicides is it 
114 So after 21 years of being on this planet and 100s of people recommending this movie I have finally watched it 😂👏👏True film masterpiece , al Pacino at his finest what An amazing movie 😄👍🎥 onto part 2 ➡️ 
115 michael corleone: i AM tired of being nice. i DO just wanna go apeshit 
116  My long-awaited rewatch of The Godfather came to an end on the sixteenth of January when I decided to put Apocalypse Now on the line as my second favorite movie ever and another reason to see the ‘72 masterpiece again was to refresh my view on the film because recalling seventh grade memories, I saw it for the sake of seeing it and hailing it as the ‘greatest ever made.’ I now do genuinely think Apocalypse Now is far ahead…  
117  Leave the gun, take the canolli.I have been putting this film off for the longest time. I am happy to announce I finally got around to watching this absolute classic of a film. I will say that I was a bit underwhelmed while watching it mainly because of the length of the film. But I let this sit with me after I finished, and I learned and appreciated the masterpiece behind this film. There are many mafia movies out…  
118  Vi el padrino en el cine. Toque el cielo con las manos. No puedo pedir más nada.No puedo creer como una película que no me gustó en absoluto la primera vez que la vi, hoy en día me haga el chabon más feliz del mundo. La cantidad de nuevos matices de disfrute y distintas maneras de abordar su visionado que fui adquiriendo con los años me hicieron darme cuenta, no solo mi amor por el cine sino también, el…  
119 - 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die - I don't know what to say that hasn't been said 10,000 times already. It just tells one of, if not the greatest story of all time. It probably has the best cast ever assembled and has some of the most iconic scenes, quotes and characters of all time. If Stanley Kubrick said that it's possibly the greatest film ever made, then you know it's pretty good. 
120 “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse”It’s a godfather marathon kinda day today (no I don’t have a life) 
121 It's 2015 and I just realized he's holding a kitten on the poster. I thought it was a bag of candies or a loaf of bread or something.Now you're probably asking "Wooderson why would it be either of those things?" Well my dear friends the answer is simple. I am very dumb. 
122  2023’s 88th movie • 97/100i postponed watching this movie for years, thinking it was a boring, cliché mafia movie. one day, when my dad suggested watching his favorite film together, i said 'yes' to avoid disappointing him and we started watching this movie together. before the movie started, my dad kept telling me that i would love this movie. and i was telling him; come on, we'll see if you're right. long story short, we watched the film, and…  
123 Good concept, but it seems like a lot of the story is copied from the movie Shark Tales. While the actions and dialogue felt necessary and natural in Shark Tales, here they feel forced and unnatural. If you’re thinking of watching this watch Shark Tales instead, it’s a lot better, my favorite character is the vegetarian shark played by Jack Black. He was very very funny. 
124  Absolute CapitalismThe Godfather is the defining movie of cinemas golden decade, the 1970's. It is admired by arthouse critics and still continues to influence media and culture due to its iconography and appeal to those who seek entertainment as well as the beard stroking intellectual. As such there is little to say that hasn't already been said, so what i'll try do do is pick out some of my own observationsIts Foibles:No film is perfect (except Chinatown…  
125 A high point of film-as-product. Oscar season tends to leave me anesthetically apathetic, but it’s important to remember that every now and then there is a Hollywood commodity that will remind you that the art form you love can exist as both profound work of art and high-stakes merchandise. 
126 hey god its me again i want to date 70s al pacino 
127 My first time watch. Yes, really!It's like Michelle said in her little write-up: it was about time that I watched this landmark movie. I wanna say that I was deliberately waiting for the 50th anniversary to finally watch The Godfather, but that would be a lie. It's just one of those movies that I hadn't gotten around to I guess. I can't explain it myself.Anyway, this was great. I knew it would be. 
128 absolutely hate the filmbro/huge slog/pretentious reputation this thing has garnered over time when it’s such a frequently funny, entirely enthralling work of dramatic tension and release. the packed crowd i saw this with was laughing as much as they were gasping, easily the ideal way to see this thing, blessed to have experienced it like that at least once. the reputation behind it as the best film ever sometimes makes me skeptical as to if it really is that good but goddamn, it really is that good 
129 Tür zu und jut! (M) 
130 88/100[tweet from 2011]But anybody else feel like Michael-in-Sicily seems to have been imported from a much cheesier movie? 
131  88/100At least fourth viewing, last seen 2011. (I'm revisiting the first two films as prep for another look at Godfather III, which I honestly haven't even thought about since its original theatrical release.) Basically perfect all the way through the Sollozzo/McCluskey hit, precisely 90 minutes in; second half's "merely" great, with the chronology becoming more diffuse (years suddenly start elapsing between scenes) and the tension necessarily going comparatively slack while Michael's stuck wooing a child in Sicily. I'm decidedly…  
132 ¿Qué hay que decir que no se haya dicho del clásico de clásicos? Aplausos a American Zeotrope y Paramount por la excelente restauración. Si una película lo merecía era ésta. Más que nada el trabajo de sonido. Hasta la muerte de Apollonia me sacó un pedo. 
133 It’s objectively good in every category. But I dunno. There’s something about it that doesn’t connect with me. 
134 this is commonly regarded as one of the best films of all time, and yet it's still underrated 
135 I mean, it’s no Zootopia. But it was okay I guess. 
136 somewhere, someone is rewatching The Godfather. 
137  I've just witnessed cinematic perfection.Now, I'm only a budding cinephile, but I'll say this nevertheless: few films can come close to The Godfather in terms of storytelling, cinematography, thematic value, direction, and of course, acting. I couldn't take my eyes off the screen until the credits began to roll.The technical brilliance of the film is apparent in the 40s and 50s aesthetic, in the way Francis Ford Coppola sets us up to understand the true power of the…  
138  ***One of the best 150 films I have ever seen.***Conglomerating the charm that Italian classics had, the brilliance of crime films of the Golden Age of movies and one of the most ambitious directions any auteur could ever apply in the entire history of the motion picture, the filmic treatment that Mario Puzo's original novel was subject to back in the marvelous film year of 1972 placed The Godfather in one of the most superior categories of cinema ever…  
139  ENGLISH belowIch habe beschlossen, für jeden der Filme, die ich auf meiner Letterboxd-Startseite als Favoriten markiert habe, eine Rezension zu schreiben. "Der Pate" fehlte noch.Um unglaublich originell zu bleiben, beginne ich wie bei meiner Rezension von 2001: Was soll ich über dieses Meisterwerk der Filmgeschichte schreiben, was nicht schon anderswo geschrieben wurde?"Der Pate" ist zweifelsohne einer der größten Filme aller Zeiten und hat einen bleibenden Eindruck in der Filmgeschichte und vor allem bei mir hinterlassen. Der Film,…  
140 Having a film day with my friend, and this was his first time watching The Godfather. I hadn’t seen it in years. This rewatch reminded me how it truly is one of the all-time great movies for a reason. Every scene is iconic, it’s filled with quotable moments and the three hour runtime flies by. It’s the quintessential crime drama mobster epic. “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.” 
141 woah mama mia cunt 
142  100 (50th Anniversary 4k Restoration watched @AMC West Palm Beach 12’s Dolby Cinema)I love Goodfellas just as much as everyone else but this will forever be the greatest mob film. Every inch of minute details circles back in the end. Each seemingly minor character plays an important role in the grand scheme of things. There’s an indescribably intelligent choice to exclusively show mob on mob violence, allowing for us to actually care for these awful humans. The pathos brought…  
143 I’m sorry but it really is the best movie ever made. I'm  gonna start thanking Francis before every meal every day from now on for fighting to get Al Pacino in it, call me old fashioned but I was raised to serve my man Michael Corleone etc etc. Tears running down my face as i select the "in theaters" tag, feeling blessed. End of tweet. 
144  The godfatherNunca me imaginé que la primera vez que vería El Padrino sería en una pantalla grande y pues por azares del destino se dio. Para conmemorar los 50 años de su estreno algunos cines de mi país la proyectaron y no me podía perder esta oportunidad única. The Godfather rebasó mis expectativas, su alargada duración de casi tres horas se pasan como si nada, es una cinta que ni te deja respirar, literalmente me aguante todo ese rato…  
145 Hypermasculine in a way I don’t care for, but I am quite fascinated by Pacino’s performance and his feminine nature that contrasts this. The descent of Michael Corleone is magnified by the loss of this feminine side. We watch as it slowly gets more and more consumed by this hypermasculine world. 
146 not that good. no meth, no rv, no los pollos hermanos, no sigmas, no walter jr, no Better Call Saul commercials, no kid named finger, no DEA, no chemistry. 
147 I fear I may have girlbossed a bit too close to the sun by watching this 
148 Es realmente inentendible que uno pueda ir y sacar una entrada para ver esto. No tiene sentido. Insuperable, lo más grande que me pasó en un cine. 
149 i love being a film bro 
150  Primarily set in the heart of New York City, Coppola's 'The Godfather' is a road trip of sorts that peruses along a coast created by loyalty, maintained by trust, and threatened by the bubbling discourse of revenge and suspicion. Outdone in spirit by the charismatically authoritative appeal of Marlon Brando - it is through Pacino that Michael's evolution as a character reaches beyond his tailor-made bravado. Eyes glazed with emotion - albeit pride, hesitation, or begrudged madness - his silence…  
151  Godfather is a remarkable Masterpiece in filmmaking; based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo, it tells the story of an Italian-American patriarch Corleone family, who are highly powerful and influential in the mafia underworld. The first part is about the rise of Michael Corleone, the youngest son of Don Vito Corleone, who takes charge of his father’s throne reluctantly after the increase of rivalries and assassination attempt on his father. The movie is outstanding in every…  
152 Two things:Who in the right mind would choose Fredo to be their bodyguard?If you tell Sollozzo you want to meet somewhere public to feel safe, why would you agree to drive with just him and a corrupt police captain in a car without any protection, where they could have easily killed you? 
153 Watched in theaters. Fucking magnificent. Wish I was eating a big bowl of spaghetti and meatballs while watching it but I had to settle for popcorn and orange vanilla flavored coke. Either way, excellent in every way. 
154  The Godfather is so omnipresent in American culture. I’ve seen it several times through the years, but sometimes I forget it even exists. It’s been at least a decade since I’ve seen it, so I decided to make Amazon Video an offer it couldn’t refuse. Two ninety-nine for a forty-eight hour rental, to be exact.In a two hour and fifty-five minute film, not one moment is wasted. Every charged reaction and tense gesture tells us who Sonny is, and…  
155 As good a mafia movie as I’ve seen. If I’m honest the whole mafia/crime theme is not my thing. I was also hesitant at just how long this movie was. I’m glad I watched it though. It’s beautiful and deserved all the acclaim it’s received. Filled with classic and memorable scenes. What an iconic performance from Marlon Brando. Al Pacino was also superb. Would have been an amazing spectacle to have see this on the big screen in the 70’s. 
156  There's so many perfectly executed scenes through The Godfather that it can be easy to underrate how nicely shaped the movie is, sometimes too overblown in that Coppola manner, but the transition between generations and with that capitalist periods is achieved with precision.The movie is at its best when it goes all in its notions of tribalism and how they contrast with Pacino's Michael, for whom so much of it is mere an easy excuse; his disconnect from his…  
157  Yeah you know...I hadn’t actually seen this in its entirety before tonight so good for me for finally doing it! And of course it was amazing and captivating and wonderful in spite of the 3 hour run time! I mean, I’m really not your guy for opinions on non-horror films, but I still say this was great! Who knew Al Pacino was such a looker when he was young? Not me!My mom couldn’t believe I hadn’t seen this before…  
158  Is the Godfather really that good? (Spoiler alert yes it really fucking is)The Godfather follows the trials and tribulations of the inner life and professional life of the Italian-American Corleone crime family. My first time rewatching the “best film of all time” and I will admit my first reaction of The Godfather was a positive one but not one of absolute awe, the kind you would expect of this masterpiece. But never fear, I now am in absolute awe…  
159 From the first 5 minute alone, Marlon Brando’s performance as Don Vito Corleone hooked me in. Everything you’ve ever heard about Godfather is true. It’s a somber, slow look into the passing the torch of generations in the mob. Brando’s amazing, but what really surprised me was how little he was actually used. The film is really about Michael Corleone’s progression from Army man who wants nothing to do with the family business to becoming to new Don through circumstances bigger than himself, all captured well through Al Pacino’s amazing performance. So yeah, Godfather is one the greatest movies ever made. Hats off to you Coppola. 
160 I swear i’m probably just an insane pessimist but this was way more tame then I was expecting it to be 😭,  idk this movie has like so much hype and then watching it, it’s like oh cool that one pop culture reference and then it’s kind of just a boring 1st and 2nd act until the third which is just wonderful 🤭 but yeah idk if I dig this film as much as other people 
161  ”Just wasn’t enough time, Michael. Just wasn’t enough time.”As far back as I can remember, I’ve been watching and rewatching The Godfather. There’s not a feeling about this movie I haven’t had, or an opinion I haven’t shared, forgotten, and then mistakenly remembered as something new.Like a lot of movie fans I measure the passage of time through cinema. I remember years because of their release schedules; certain films have become paired with distinct periods in my life…  
162  I was 12 the first time I watched this, we had moved to Bangkok for my father's job, my parents were on the verge of separating because of a laundry list of issues but one of my fondest memories from our 4 month stay in Thailand is from one of the nights when The Godfather started playing on TV — my dad got visibly excited: "Bardi, come watch this! You are gonna love it!"... my mom got upset, she didn't…  
163 💭 A man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man.  
164 A Masterpiece!A peak fiction!The Godfather is a milestone in film history. 
165  Anhand jeder einzelnen Szenen dieses Epos erkenne ich an, wieso The Godfather als Meisterwerk der Filmkunst gilt. Die ausladenden Sets, die knisternde Atmosphäre, die spitzfindigen Dialoge und die schroffen Gewalteskalationen. Dazu die Zwischentöne, Schicksale und der durchdachte Aufbau.All das erkenne ich und konnte ich schätzen. Aber mein Film ist The Godfather nicht und das liegt an seiner Thematik. Ich werde in diesem Leben kein Fan mehr von Mafia-Filmen. Mich interessiert das Genre einfach zu wenig als das ich mich…  
166  500 followers list (5/5)This movie was fantastic but i want to start this off by saying thank you to every person who voted in the above list and gave me such amazing movies to watch. It’s kind of incredible that everything on the list that I watched (the top 5) all ended up getting 5 star ratings out of me. These are all movies with 4.4 average ratings or above, so I expected each of them to be unforgettable experiences,…  
167 I've owned this movie on Blu-Ray for about a year but i've been too scared to watch it. There is so much hype on this movie I felt like it would be impossible to match my expectations. After watching it I can safetly say I was still amazed at how fucking great this film is. There's nothing I can add here that hasn't been said before about this masterpiece besides this: On to Part II. 
168  50th Anniversary Dolby Cinema Re-ReleasePower. Respect. Family."Blood is thicker than water." - anonymous'Mario Puzo's The Godfather' truly is one of the greatest films of all time.Francis Ford Coppola revolutionized how a dark tale can be told on the big screen. The amount of nuance and genius filmmaking techniques scattered across every scene is pure artistry.In the art form that is film, the gangster/mafia subgenre is one that's been here since the beginning. But what separates…  
169 pov you’re me and you just watched the godfather (1972) for the first time and instead of saying anything insightful all you have to say is that you need young al pacino in indescribable ways 
170 What can I say, it’s one of the best filled with the best. 
171  First of all, i'm so sorry if i put this for so long i know I'm such a dumbass. I seriously thought this was just another filmbro film. But boy i was wrong. Truthfully this has lived up to it's high reputation and absolutely deserve the high praise it gets. Truly a masterclass in filmmaking. A crime epic tale of a Mafia family whose dealing with dark business, corruption, violence, greediness, rivalry & vengeance and how it could slowly ruins them…  
172 Ya pude ver esta película en el cine, mi vida está hecha. 
173 sorry.. i understand your setting will influence how you feel about a film and i was more focused on not throwing my food at the people sitting behind me as they were pushing and kicking my chair 24/7 omfg enraged.this was also so long for no reason. 
174 The Godfather can have slow scenes, but it never has a single scene that feels boring.Every performance, every shot, every set, every choice made in this movie leads to a masterpiece of an experience. A wholly engrossing film that pulls you into its world, its characters and its settings and drenches you in its warm and lively atmosphere.This movie is a masterpiece in pratically every way.I also love how all that bloodshed started because don Corleone said "no" to drugs. 
175 the only thing I could think of watching this was the reference in zootopia 
176 “i have got to show everyone how hot and sexy al pacino is” — francis ford coppola pitching this film to paramount pictures and thus making them an offer they can’t refuse 
177 No matter how many years have passed, this movie is the example of a true classic. A true master piece! 
178 Fiquei vidrada no filme por quase 1hr depois fui cansando, mas ainda sim é muito bom. Al Pacino estava fantástico 🤩 
179  For many, "The Godfather" is a film of the century, the holy grail of the 70s and from Coppola's filmography. A film that shines through the passing decades and feels better every year. There is nothing bigger for film fans. It's a pleasure to see him in the cinema, which nobody should miss. No matter whether 80 or 18. The beginning of the history of the Mafia family Corleone in Italian-colored New York is always a maelstrom of a gangster…  
180 A trove of hereditary fortune fading, caught in the gnarled dominion of pride, vengeance, and fate. The apotheosis of kindred creed, beset in blood of responsibility, and penchant amore of one's ancestry. An infirmity under the weight of imbrued echelon; withering come to the clutches of once healthy hand. A belligerent dynasty that transcends sentient being, and under the sanctity of retribution, only love will bring liberty to ambition and bloodshed. Macabre in the midst of decaying souls; whilst man may have the verdict of clemency to his foe, moulding themselves as corporeal deities, time will forever be merciless to those condemned to ravening, mortal destiny. 
181 1 second = 24 frames.175 minutes (yes, let's include the credits) = 10500 seconds.10500 seconds = 252000 frames.That's 252000 frames of utter perfection. Even the couple of them with Sonny's punch missing Carlo by about a mile. The mere fact that there is something (one thing, to be exact) so boringly and insignificantly imperfect about this film makes it even more perfect. I know I'm not saying anything new here but I feel there's truly no need to. Actually, we ought to repeat the obvious more often, even if it is already repeated ad nauseam: this is an absolute masterpiece of awe-inspiring proportions. 
182 I HATE THIS MOVIE. too many men. too much lore. and FAR too long. i could not care less and every time i see that opening scene i’m filled with a deep deep rage. i cant do it anymore 
183  I ate a small dose of LSD and watched The Godfather and it was an amazing time. Five stars, the kind of movie where I want to drink in every shot, luxuriate on the texture of the faces, the darkened rooms, the brick mansions, the vast expanse of sky over cornfields half a century ago. Where I wanna crawl up inside Nino Rota's score and make a little nest and hang up Christmas lights. Where I become inexorably tethered to…  
184 finally watched this masterpiece, i know it’s one of the most loved films ever but i didn’t expect it to be That good lolmy favourite feature filmsrecommended by: al paciknowsrecommend me a film here 
185 @letterboxd please, we beg you, we need a 6 star rating ONLY for this moviethank you 
186 I don’t have any new insightful thoughts that hasn’t already been said or a funny remark to make you chuckle. I’m just glad I finally got this off my watch list for crying out loud. It took 84 years. It wasn’t personal, just strictly business 
187 god, i wish i could to say that there are no perfect things in the world but fuck off spending 3 hours watching young hot al pacino was one of the most perfect shit i have ever experienced 
188 The definitive crime epic. I don’t think it’s far-fetched in the slightest to say this is the greatest film ever made, not just from a technical and storytelling perspective but also considering how it transcended American cinema. I’m on my third viewing now and it continues to amaze me in so many different ways. It’s got the single greatest character arc ever (Michael), some of the greatest performances, cinematography and writing ever and flawless direction and score - a complete masterpiece in every sense of the word. 
189 my fellow cinephiles! i am so proud to say i am finally one of you. after years and years and years of putting off watching the godfather i finally watched it and i actually really liked it and that pretty perfectly describes my relationship to most films. anyway, i would like to thank my family for supporting me through this difficult time, my friends— 
190 The lengths one man will go to ensure people stop referring to him as “Mike” 
191 This has the greatest opening scene with the greatest actor in the greatest film of all time 
192 What can I say about this film that hasnt been said a billion of times before and that is how Godfather is one of best movies ever made .Everything here is done in brilliant way ,starting with story ,characters ,arcs ,pacing ,acting , score and every other little staff featured here .So there is nothing more I can say about this work of art .🔜 The Sting 
193 Cinema. 
194 "look how they massacred my boy."such a beautiful movie. appreciate it even more on a rewatch and that's why im bumping my rating to it's deserving 5 stars!! i also always get a little sad after watching it for some reason lol. sonny's death always gets me and brando's iconic quote always exacerbates it. and that last shot with diane keaton on the room across michael's office is hands down one of the greatest moments in cinema history!!al pacino is so beautiful i could cry 
195 n i c e 
196 when michael says “i’ve been back a year”….. bitch i would’ve been FURIOUS (obviously still would have taken him back) but i would have been so mad for a few minutes 
197  So much has been said and written about the Godfather that really, I'd just like to take the opportunity to point out here that, if you're involved in your own individual artistic pursuits or dreams of the future (and if you're on letterboxd, I think there's a good chance you are) and feeling as though the world is stacked against you and there's no place for your ideas----------------the studio HATED Al Pacino's performance as Michael Corleone before this came…  
198 I'm getting really tired of watching "iconic" movies and not being as into them as I had hoped to be. I still enjoyed this for the most part though.I think I would have liked this better if it was shorter. Dragging on the wedding for 30 minutes was unnecessary. The cinematography combined with the amazing sound mixing and editing was my favourite thing about this film. The hospital scene where you hear footsteps approaching with the camera panning from hallway to hallway creates a very simplistic feeling of suspense that is rare. 
199 Sometimes you have to watch a movie 100 times before it clicks that Bonasera, the guy with the very first lines in the movie, is an undertaker. Death emerging from inky darkness in praise of the American dream. 
200 the 50th Anniversary of one of Hollywood's masterpieces, the Pure cinematic perfection! watching my favorite movie the timeless masterpiece in theaters! it’s a dream come true. has been unforgettable. ♥️ 
201 An elderly immigrant takes his passion for produce too far. 
202 Très bon biopic sur la vie de Squeezie 
203  "The Godfather" from 1972, directed by Francis Ford Coppola, is a masterpiece, a milestone and one of the most iconic films of all time.The haprchatcks are the Godfather (Don Vito Corleone ) played by Marlon Brando and Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) who both give a great performance. This is the second film I've seen of Brando and I'm more than convinced by his acting. He fits this role perfectly and brings it across very well. Al Pacino is also outstanding…  
204  The Godfather is the definitive mafia film and it really stands the test of time, being one of the finest films ever made. Francis Ford Coppola not only explores this whole underworld ruled by different crime lords, but also analyzes the dilemmas and intrigues that exist in the Corleone family and all the people that surround it. You realize how every character here is crucial to the story at some point. There is a huge amount of suspense in many…  
205 Happy 50th anniversary to what might just be the greatest film ever made!!!🔙 ¡Three Amigos!🔜 John Wick: Chapter 3 - Parabellum ♻️ 
206 “Leave the gun, take the cannoli”I’m in Sicily right now and watched this again last night. I think if my friends hear me say this line one more time I’ll be sleeping with the fishes by tomorrow...{#24 on Favorites list} 
207  I’ve seen this film so many times, read so many books about it, spent so long thinking about it, played the fricking video game so many times, that I know the name of and rough biography of every character actor that appears in this movie for more than 27 seconds. When I was 13 I was so fucking desperate to watch this movie but there was that big R18+ rating. I pleaded with my mum that if I read the…  
208  The Godfather has won Oscars, it's been four fave'd in endless red carpet Letterboxd interviews and it's been waxed philosophical by Nora Ephron in a popular rom-com. There's not much for me to add to its stature. But something that stood out to me, the first time I've watched it in more than 20 years, is how all of my favorite scenes involve the Corleone listening to or needing aid from a civilian. The different opening bartering sessions at the…  
209  Talking to people who don’t love film as much as I do, I get asked this question by nearly every single one of them: “why do you like movies so much?” This is usually followed by statements such as “they’re just a form of entertainment,” or “there’s no hidden meanings behind film – it is as you see it,” and usually after these statements, I no longer consider these people my friends. All joking aside though, honestly, I give most…  
210 the cat in the first five minutes was a highlight for me 
211  Poor Vito Corleone, for 3 hours he had a toothache on both sides and nobody ever decided to call the dentist. More seriously, I liked the film for its great mastery of visual storytelling and its great artistic direction, its mythical soundtrack and the complexity of the characters and the evolution of the family. Al Pacino is charismatic with his chilly eyes. The problem is that it doesn't really speak for itself because it's too long, which usually doesn't bother…  
212  Michele, tras ir comprendiendo la trampa que se le ha tendido a su padre, entiende/acepta de consuno que es el elegido, el heredero, y que no puede ni debe rechazar tal herencia. Una vez que logra modificar la disposición de la internación de su padre en el hospital, cambiándolo de habitación, junto a Enzo -un noble pandero ya devoto de los Corleone- finge a las puertas del hospital que ambos son dos guardaespaldas armados que custodian el lugar. Así lo…  
213 Whelp, today I went from never seeing The Godfather to seeing Martin Scorsese‘s personal 35mm copy at the theater.I guess I’m a real film bro now. 
214  francis ford coppola's the godfather is a film that all of my friends kept recommending to me and i did watched it back in 2018 but i got bored after the 10 minutes of it but today i forced my self into it and finally got fucking hooked and now i finally can understand how this film is one of the greats and a fucking masterpiece when it comes to basically everything.... there was almost no plot for this film…  
215  Apareceu aqui um vídeo do canal Entreplanos entre as sugestões do Youtube, intitulado "O efeito Poderoso chefão".A chamada do vídeo: "O cinema nunca foi o mesmo".Se a ideia por trás do vídeo é a de que The Godfather foi um filme que mudou o cinema, eu me vejo obrigado a concordar com o pessoal do canal Entreplanos.Só que eu diria, e acho que aqui é o ponto em que o pessoal do canal Entreplanos provavelmente discordaria de…  
216 My Horse Girl™ sister decided to sit down and watch this with me tonight but she was INCREDIBLY distraught after THAT scene and promptly left the living room, never to return🐴💀Best Picture Winners RankedBest Actor Winners Ranked1970s: Favorites From Every Year 
217 a real movie 
218 Francis Ford Coppola crafted The Godfather with excellence, and told the lives of a certain fictional mafia family brilliantly, thus making it a super rich gangster drama. The film was also backed up by an outstanding ensemble cast, memorable music, impressive cinematography, and a powerful finale. 
219  “Look how they massacred my boy”What do you even say about something so wonderfully crafted like this? I love when 3 hours feels like 1hr 30, and this did exactly that with it’s practically flawless pacing.The Godfather gives us generational acting performances that are very rarely met. Facial expressions are on point to give real personality and character to the those being portrayed. The ambience and atmosphere throughout the whole film make for a very sophisticated feel and the…  
220 My love for this movie and this trilogy extends the universe. 
221  As it is fast approaching its 50th anniversary later this month, I decided that now would be the right moment to finally watch the cinematic classic that is The Godfather for the very first time. There's really nothing I can say here that hasn't already been said countless times by other, more qualified people so I'll just say that it is indeed a perfect movie that fully lived up to my lofty expectations going in. The intricate poem of violence,…  
222  A supreme intellectual and artistic achievement by Francis Ford Coppola.The Godfather fully deserves its reputation as a cultural touchstone and one of best films ever made. is a different classic film, that opened the doors to a wonderful future in cinema. The direction, pacing, perfomances and dialogue are all nearly perfect. The characters are played fantastically, the music is addictive, and the whole movie is fabulously directed. Despite a lenghty runtime it has a propulsive forward momentum that makes it…  
223  “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse”When Don Vito Corleone, the head of a mafia family, decides to hand over his empire to his son, Michael Corleone, his decision unintentionally puts the lives of his loved ones in grave danger.The Godfather is one of those films that you feel like you have already seen before seeing it, due to its cultural significance and the Corleone family becoming cemented as film icons, but, man, was I far…  
224  New 4K restorationThere's never a dull moment in The Godfather, but I think what's most impressive to me about the sheer scope of this movie is present in how Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo are ensuring you as the audience member that every minor detail truly matters in telling the story of the inner workings of the Corleone family. But I think what I'm finding myself most impressed with about The Godfather is how much information comes and…  
225  An absolutely iconic piece of film that will be remembered and appreciated forever. It definitely deserves its place as one of the greatest films of all time. What hits you immediately when the film starts is how amazing the dialogue and performances are. Every line is fantastically written and delivered by these legendary actors. Marlon Brando gives one of the most famous performances of all time and Al Pacino perfectly portrays his character’s loss of innocence and rise to power. …  
226 a.k.a The Diane Keaton movie...An iconic piece of work laden with memorable quotes, Al Pacino's panache, garrote, eye-popping violence, treachery, loyalty, passions, sweat, blood, and tears. What else? There's a damn cute Kat...blah blahNeed I say more?NO. Unpopular Opinion since it's very late and I'm exhausted: 4 Stars so don't @me. 
227 95%What does Shawshank Redemption have that the Godfather lacks?I started watching this movie biased and ready to say it is overhyped but it delivered beautifully in all aspects, the acting, directing and cinematography were all top-notch. I wish Al pacino's or Marlon Barndo's characters in this film could be my godfather that would be dope.BEST PICTURE WINNER 1973BEST PICTURE WINNERS RANKED:boxd.it/jk36SFAVOURITES LIST:boxd.it/i7K7Y 
228  Not the first time I've seen this theatrically, but it was the best time. Last night I went and saw this at a Dolby Cinema at AMC Theatres; it was the one at Disney Springs, to be specific. The meal before the movie was not good* but getting to experience the movie again was such a great experience, it negated all those negative feelings. I have reviewed The Godfather before several years ago and that review should be read also…  
229 Perfect in every way, which goes without saying, but something struck me this time around that I hadn't really thought about before: What is it, exactly, that draws Michael to this life so irresistibly? We never see him enjoying the power being Godfather affords him, in fact we never see him enjoying much of anything once he joins the family business except for his time hiding in Italy. Leaving that mystery unexplained (and thus subject to endless rumination) might be this movie's masterstroke. 
230 I believe in America.Undoubtedly the greatest film of all time. 
231 oohhhh yeah i sorta kinda somewhat to some extent understood the hype and the universal acclaim; yeah i got them now yeahhhh like wow,, 
232 I just rewatched this. This first time I watched this I was much younger and feel that I couldn’t appreciate. On the surface level this is just an excellently crafted but fairly standard drama, which is what I saw it as the on my first time viewing. Watching it a second time with more insight into Coppola’s work I can really see the subtle nuances that make this movie great.Sorry for all the five star reviews lately but I’m kinda binging the greatest movies ever made. 
233 After recently finding out I was becoming my niece’s godfather, I knew it was time to watch this 
234  This review has been sitting in my notes for a minute. All we done in film class is watch good shit and one of them was this little known movie called “The Godfather.”Currently binging the offer, I’ll give my thoughts once the show is over. However if you know me or what I think about biopics then you might know my score or something. Anyways making this was a pain in the ass due to studio interference and refusal…  
235 my favourite character is Nino Rota's score 
236 100%Mafia/Gangster Ranked list - HEREAl Pacino Ranked list - HERE"A man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man."Pure perfection.🌹 
237  Watching this in cinema was everything. A complete arresting and unbelievable experience.I am a person who prefers The Godfather II a little bit than this but my god, this movie has set the benchmark for Gangster cinema. Every scene, every shot, each dialogue, each characters and the freaking score, everything is iconic here.Marlon Brando is like a lion on screen, the way he commands every second he is in is unparalleled. From his voice to his mannerism every…  
238 I know he absolutely sucks and was rapey irl but there is something so endearing about marlon Brando in this movie he pet cat he have family he look at fish he play with grand child he die frolicking. I really liked him 
239 If this is about the godfather why is Cristiano Ronaldo not on the cast 
240 HOLY SHIT ! Why have I waited all this time to see this masterpiece ?! And why now I want to be part of the mafia ?! Why are there so many questions ?!!! PLEASE ANSWER MEEEE 
241 Love that detail where Michael, annoyed at being reminded, says he knows to drop the gun after the restaurant hit — but still almost forgets to drop it anyway. 
242 It’s not hyperbole to call The Godfather the greatest movie ever made. Cinema peaked with the baptism scene. 5/5 cannolis 
243  No quería ver esta película hoy. Saqué entradas pensando que eran para mañana, me fijé y eran para hoy; la función era 22:20hs., eran las 22hs. Quise anular la compra pero claro, Hoyts solo deja anularla hasta una hora antes de la función. Faltaban menos de 20 minutos.Salí corriendo al cine con un sentimiento de frustración e impotencia por ser un pelotudo que no sabe sacar unas entradas para el cine bien. Aparte ya la había pagado no iba…  
244 Watched this again last night and the opening scene gave me literal chills and there they remained throughout the 3 hour runtime. 
245  For someone who claims to love anything Mafia related, it's only today in the year 2023 that I finally lost my Godfather virginity (Gotti is still on my to-do list as well). I only knew bits and pieces from the loosely adapted video game (which was surprisingly good), so pretty much everything that happened still came as a shocker.Marlon Brando was my favourite to watch here, even though I was having a hard time without subtitles. It's also interesting…  
246  Some films simply get better with age, and in the case of Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather, with the upgrading of technology only enhancing the viewing experience. The original VHS or even Dvd of The Godfather had that grainy, almost sepia tone around the picture quality, something that at the time crystalized the look of a film set in post-war America. It had a charm to it, but the upgrading of the sound and advanced picture definition has given Coppola's…  
247 Letterboxd made me a recommendation I could not refuse.All the people who disliked this film......are no longer to be found. 
248 DEAR LORD WHEN I GET TO HEAVEN PLEASE LET ME BRING MY MAAAAN... (Al Pacino)so hey god when is it my turn to be dancing and having a honeymoon with 70s Al Pacino as mafia leader Michael Corleone in Sicily with "Love Theme" by Nino Rota playing in the background????actually the only standard is a man that looks at me the same way Al Pacino did when he saw Apollonia for the first time (that scene is engraved in my mind forever) 
249 michael corleone is just the biggest nepo baby ever 
250  I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.The Godfather is the longest, most boring movie that feels neither long or boring at all. It’s an all time masterpiece for a reason. Critically acclaimed, beloved by all. So many enduring quotes and great moments. Love it.A credit to the incredible performances, especially Brando, who has an absolutely commanding screen presence over anyone right from the first scene. I love the character of Don Corleone and Brando just becomes…  
251  2021’s 81st movie • 88/100Best Picture Winners Ranked - CLICK HEREIt took a long time for me to watch this movie because I wanted it to be the best experience ever and not just a movie that I would watch any which way. I watched this considering it’s a movie everybody loves, that has been extremely influential for almost 50 years, and that, most importantly, it’s considered one of the greatest movies of all time. My expectations were…  
252 After rewatching The Godfather this time, now I'm completely sure and have no doubt that The Godfather is the best and the greatest movie of all the time 
253 I only watched this once before, when I was 12 years old. Even though I completely understood the nuances of organized crime in the 1940s and the deconstruction of the American dream as a pre-teen, I still enjoyed revisiting it as an adult even though I totally got it then. Four stars! 
254 At the beginning it was kinda slow but once the big moments start coming and all the payoffs happen it’s all more than worth it. I get the hype. SO excited for the sequel 
255 No Migos in the soundtrack 
256 Just a bunch of silliness really. 
257 A fine example of what a great piece of storytelling and cinematography can be. Mafia family told in a poetic way. 
258  50th Anniversary!Had an amazing time seeing Coppola’a masterwork on the big screen. In fact it was the best time I had at the movies since Spider-Man- No Way Home. Granted that was just a couple months ago. Still I wasn’t expecting such an enthusiastic audience without a comic book character in sight. Funnily enough there was actually a row of people dressed up as the Corleones. I admired there fedoras and long coats. Totally gangster cerca 1950s. No signs…  
259 The cat is only in one scene. 
260  "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."My 1000th filmWow, the godfather really is as good as people say. It definitely deserves all the praise it gets as it is a masterpiece. I've been waiting to watch the godfather for a special moment and for watching 1000 films this deserved to be number 1000. What can I say that hasn't already been said. The film looks beautiful, it has great cinematography and great lighting. One of the…  
261 I, Giorno Giovanna, got inspiration from this film. 
262 98Such an underrated movie :((((( 
263 there have always been gangster films, but this was one of the first to show the mafia from the inside and without reverting to black and white good guy/bad guy archetypes. you could argue that the characters have since become archetypal but that’s because this film has been so absorbed into culture. without the Godfather, there would be no Sopranos, Goodfellas, Casino, just to name a few great movies. put it this way: while it’s not groundbreaking by today’s standards, it did help establish the ground itself. 
264 Still kicking myself that I lost my "Audience With The Don" ticket on the day of his daughter's wedding 
265 Can’t believe I wasted three hours of my life, just to find out NONE of these people are the father of god (or jesus himself), misleading bullshit 
266  I got a chance to watch Francis Ford Coppola’s iconic film for the first time in cinemas last night, and it blew me away. It’s no surprise surrounding the legacy of this film and its critical acclaim spanning 50 years, but as someone who had never seen it before, I sat in complete awe, swept away by the epic scope depicted on screen for its well-paced three hours. I don’t really have anything new to add to the conversation, as…  
267 this movie is in my DNA. simple as that. 
268 excuse me michael? i mean daddy? i mean daddy? i mean daddy? i mean daddy? i mean daddy? i mean daddy? i mean daddy? 
269  The film is a tremendous thing, but I haven't fallen in love with it. I am realizing how artful its naturalism is, how carefully its style is woven into the script. Its clarity and elegant restraint conceals and focuses a a ferocious violence (that explodes at times in carefully controlled bursts). Much like TAXI DRIVER.Its appearance is disarming, because it seems to place everything before you. The movie is so quotable because it condenses its themes into perfect aphorisms…  
270 Celebrating the New Year by watching Mario Puzo’s The Godfather  👏The 50th Anniversary Year !👏 Thank you to everyone involved in making Mario Puzo’s The Godfather. You are all a part of HISTORY!boxd.it/erOJc 
271 Leave the gun. Take the canoli.Rewatched this all-time classic with the whole extended family for Thanksgiving (including a first time watch for my son, our newest Letterboxd Pro member). This film is 3 hours long, but that length is never felt. I find myself at the start of each and every scene absolutely relishing the next iconic moment, the next indelible line of dialogue - every scene contains its own unique treasure, and none of it will ever get old. Very Highly Recommended. Added to: Top 200, Oscar Best Pictures Ranked 
272  Genre Challenge - Film 26/36Letterboxd Season Challenge 2019-20 - Film 14/38100 Films I Want to Watch in 2019 - Film 92/100What is there even left to say about The Godfather?The acting is extremely detailed and nuanced. It adds a real depth to the characters and makes them so believable.The cinematography and use of colours are amazing, I especially loved the shots towards the end of the movie.I always worry that I’m not going to connect to characters…  
273  The Godfather is regarded as one of the greatest films of all time and with good cause. Francis Ford Coppola crafted a multi-layered drama of crime and tragedy, exploring the dark underbelly of the American dream. Marlon Brando is spellbinding as Vito Corleone, the ageing head of a mafia family. His brilliant performance is complimented by the stellar supporting cast of Robert Duvall, Al Pacino and James Caan, each of whom brings a unique energy to their respective roles. The direction is…  
274 leave the gun, take my wig 
275 I saw this in the cinema with my friends and drank wine. It was one of the best cinema experiences of my life. It really does get better every single time. Here’s my review from my second viewing as it’s basically a full essay: The Godfather  
276  The Corleone Family has had several years running of excellence, at least, before the film has begun. Because the Corleones refuse to team up with lofty members from other five organized crime families in the narcotics racket because narcotics equates to unwanted exposure to authorities, that refusal leads to the beginning of a breakdown. Slowly but surely.What establishes power for the film absolutely immediately is the clout that Marlon Brando bestows. Many already know behind the scenes that Brando…  
277 Seeing this in a theater might be a top 3 theater experience. Such a beautiful masterpiece.My cousin: 9/10 (his first time watching it actually)🔙 Ace in the Hole🔜 ¡Three Amigos! 
278 Just about as great as a movie's ever gonna be... 
279 damn my boy luca is sleeping with the fishes 😔🙏🏼 
280  “It’s not personal, it’s strictly business.”-Micheal CorleoneI could go on for hours talking about how this is the best mob film ever created. And how this is one of the most well crafted films of all time with one of the best screen plays of all time. We obviously have the great Mario Puza and Francis Ford Coppola to thank for that. This film is probably one of the most iconic films of all time even as a kid I…  
281  “ A man who doesn't spend time with his family , Can never be a real man . ” ~‘ Don Vito Corleone ’• Just Like A Fine Wine , It Gets Better With Age .• هناك أفلام مع مرور الزمن أصبحت جزء من التراث الإنساني والموروث الثقافي مثلها مثل لوحات Picasso ومعزوفات Beethoven فأصبحت تنسب كأفلام لمخرجيها العباقرة مثل Martin Scorsese , Stanley Kubrick , Clint Eastwood , Steven Spielberg , Sergio Leone , David Fincher ,…  
282  "The Godfather" is a completely enveloping experience. From the inky blacks and caramels of its color palette to the masterful arrangement of actor, prop, set piece, and camera in Francis Coppola's frame composition, the viewer is slowly and subtly engrossed visually. From a story that plays out like a knot of organized criminal machinations, to measured and deliberate-paced editing, the audience is immersed narratively. From an ideally realized and now-iconic cast, to superb individual performances, the observer is gripped by…  
283 The film features quite possibly the greatest scene in film history: Clemenza showing Michael how to make a homemade red sauce. You had me at garlic 🧄 Top Shelf! Gets my highest recommendation. 
284 Movie so good it became an adjective, in other news water molecules are composed by 2 atoms of hydrogen + 1 of oxygen, the Earth is flat and I sleep with diapers on.This is perhaps my 3rd or 4th rewatch and I keep being astonished at how neatly it holds up, it’s a weird case in which every single time feels just as if I’m watching it for the first time. And now in a fully packed theater, I mean, I’d be disgustingly drowning myself in pools of cannoli and pizza if I weren’t trying to loose weight right now. 
285  In the words of Michael Rapaport: Al Pacino changed acting, taking it from the old to the new, in so doing he woke up acting. Happy Birthday to the ALconic! Salud!Oh this movie? You already know it's a masterpiece: it's the Citizen Kane of all movies. Coppola took a lowest common denominator novel the popularity equivalent of The Da Vinci Code in its day, and elevated it by sieving out all the fluff to reveal a metaphor about American…  
286 Yeah...it's great. 
287 al pacino 
288 i liked the part where they left the gun and took the cannoli 
289 No hay otra película como El Padrino que se le compare en cuanto a impacto y magnitud, una de las cosas más impresionantes que se filmaron jamás. No hay algo que se le pueda decir que ya no se haya dicho antes, simplemente es una obra maestra del cine y de la historia humana. A partir de hoy puedo aceptar la muerte, mi destino ya se cumplió. 
290 En el cine de la ciudad no les pareció rentable proyectar El Padrino, así que hicimos 220 kilómetros de ida, entramos al cine e hicimos 220 kilómetros de vuelta. Valió cada centavo, cada metro, cada litro de nafta, cada hora en ruta. Pude ver la obra más grande de la historia en un cine, todo lo que venga de ahora en adelante viene por añadidura. 
291 I love how dudes watched this and were like yeah this rules I want to emulate this shit right here where nobody is happy and everything crumbles and people die in agony and despair or while pretending to be an ape chasing a child 
292  First review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather/Cinematic perfection. “The Godfather” deserves all the praise and critical acclaim it got, because every frame of this 3 hours long masterpiece radiates class and artistic brilliance. This blend of enthralling crime epic, in-depth character study, and heart-wrenching family drama is a one of a kind creative achievement and an influential cultural milestone. Already the opening wedding sequence is as perfect as it gets, since it sucks you right into the world of the film, introduces almost…  
293  This film man...There’s so many reasons to why this film will be forever classed as ‘the greatest film of all time’. Francis Ford Coppolla has created numorous timeless classics like, The Godfather Part 2 and Apocalypse now but this film will always be known as ‘the best’ (and I’m a huge fan of Apocalypse Now). He’s created the most recognisable and most quoted film of all time. If you ask anyone if they have heard of The Godfather, they will say…  
294  "I believe in America" are the first words we hear in The Godfather, part of a speech in which the eponymous organised crime figure, Don Vito Corleone, listens to a man seeking his own brand of justice, the camera slowly and carefully pulling back from the guest to take in the outline of Marlon Brando. It's the first of many iconic shots in Francis Ford Coppola's adaptation of Mario Puzo's epic crime novel, itself a masterpiece of fiction, a shot…  
295  A shakespearean tragedy about a man losing his soul in a plight against his fate juxtaposed with another shakespearean tragedy of a man realizing that all of his actions he made with the intention of keeping his family away from his suffering ended up creating the single thing he feared the most: dooming his bloodline.First time I actually feel I understood the movie. There's too much going on and too much to write about but one thing that stood…  
296  At 38 years old, I can finally say that I’ve seen The Godfather. Not living under a rock, I knew that a particular character would be sleeping with the fishes and that I shouldn’t be placing any bets on a certain racehorse. Indeed, I could have compiled a bingo card of famous lines before watching it—the film’s ubiquity in popular culture is the main reason why I never felt much need to actually watch it—but even knowing so much doesn’t…  
297  It might be a fool’s errand to question The Godfather's legendary status. It’s a hallmark of classic American cinema; the blueprint story of a fall arc and a rise to power, nearly undisputed in its acclaim.I'm conflicted. On one hand, it's often a riveting slow-burn that expands in scope and tragedy until shutting the door to the heart. But I admire it, not for its cold descent into evil, but its dramatization of family. At the point in the…  
298 i mean, it’s no final destination 3 
299 a movie about going beast mode 
300 I thought it would be funny to give The Godfather half a star. 
301 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  young al pacino... i'm not a slut, but who knows?  
302  The first time I saw The Godfather I wasn't as struck by it as I hoped but this rewatch solidified this as a masterpiece for me. Is it perfect? No, but its ambition and insanely high technical qualities more than make up for a few shortcomings in a dense, well written script.The standout for me is Brando's Vito Corleone who has more screen presence than any other character I've ever seen, and of course Al Pacino is as good…  
303 Mientras hay mucho boludo por ahí pensando que los análisis de películas son excesivos y que en verdad los directores no piensan tanto sus producciones, ya mucho antes, en 1972, Francis Ford Coppola despliega El Padrino y afirma que cada toma, cada línea de guion y cada decisión que hace tiene un porqué en la trama. Todo está en su lugar y no hay nada de sobra. Es la película más completa de la historia. Imposible no emocionarse. 
304 Rewatch 🚨I can’t even write a review for this film because words cannot describe how good it is. 
305 a poor man’s Shark Tale 
306  I think trying to deconstruct what it is that I love about The Godfather so much is already its greatest challenge when so much of the praise that it receives is well-deserved. The Godfather is truly one of the greatest films ever made, but trying to type up my own praises was already hard enough when I already have an ingrained fear inside of my head that what I had to say would indeed just be the same as what's…  
307 to feliz que esperei tanto tempo pra assistir esse filme. tem muito clássico que eu espiei por trás do sofá quando era criança e quando fui ver lembrei um monte de cenas e não aproveitei tanto. nao sei como que o 2 vai ser melhor que esse 
308 A true epic, a dramatic saga about the corleone family chronicalling the setbacks,tragedies, deceptions amd business of a crime family and fascinating in watching the development of Al pacinos Micheal corelone from soldier to cold, brutal head pf the family. It's a classy, film tgat takes ots time building and getting to know the characters, has moments that are, tense and shakespearean like the restraunt assassination and the finale involving Micheal at a baptism and the scene cuts to brutal scenes of revenge. A film of great storytelling and performances. 
309 part of my scavenger hunt #60: watch any film released during the 1970s;part of my Sun Walk (Aries Season)Aries Director: Francis Ford CoppolaIM FREEEEEE!!!!!!!! WORST EXPERIENCE OF MY FUCKING LIFE 
310 If I could choose one culture to appropriate I’d choose Italian 💙 
311 second best movie of all time, just behind The Room. 
312  RIP James Caan. It could've been so easy to make Sonny like any other hot-blooded mobster but he imbues so much pathos in his performance, especially in the scene where he learns of Connie's abuse, and you genuinely believe that whatever his flaws are this guy would fight tooth and nail to protect his family. A presence like no other. Hope he rests in peace.And yeah I mean, this is still *that* movie. I am still so blown away…  
313 Now I finally know what "I'll make you and offer you can't refuse" means. I assumed it meant offering a million dollars or a copy of Dodgeball: A True Underdog Story - Unrated Version on DVD. 
314 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Never realised until now that when Micheal explains his plan of killing Captain McCluskey and Sollozzo, he sounds like the Don because his jaw is like his dad’s after the punch he received!  
315 Too long and boring and not enough boobies 
316 10/102023 First Watches Ranked“Look how they massacred my boy” can’t believe they got live footage of me after I watched Ralph Breaks the Internet 
317 Ver a Michael Corleone abrazar a Cristo y renunciar a Satanás en nombre de su ahijado en un cine es incomparable con cualquier otra experiencia relacionada con el cine. No tiene comparación alguna. 
318  “leave the gun. take the cannoli.”business and family, individual and removed from one-another, but slowly becoming indistinguishable in an unraveling of bloodshed from one, simple “no.” The Godfather’s simultaneous juxtaposition and marrying of these two elements woven within an undertaker’s playground in an underworld of darkness is pristine and prestigious, breathing life into every frame and every character bound within while immortalizing itself in the cinematic medium through orchestrated perfection. Coppola effortlessly immerses us into the Corleone world, helmed…  
319 This movie walked so "Goodfellas” and "The Sopranos” could run 
320 leave the gun, take the cannoli.Day 1 of basing my entire personality on Michael 👍🏻Got to invest in a three piece suit though…I’m just gonna say it, the baptism scene is and forever will be the greatest sequence in all of cinematic history. And that's the double truth, Ruth!  
321  not that good tbh. Should’ve had cgi mafia battles and gay sex scenes because that’s what I want or sumthn I guess. I don’t need to explain why it’s bad because that’s my opinion. I bet I could make a better film than this Francis Ford Coppola feller. Like I’d make a mafia film about monkeys running territories in the country and only fought by throwing poo at each other. I feel like this would win all awards tbh. Willem…  
322 they be mentioning characters by name like i'm supposed to know them i'm so sorry i don't know i just don't know!!!!! there are so many men!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
323 A benção padrinho 🤝 
324  Maintain some control When you do not have freedom To live peacefully Something that makes me believe why The Godfather stands the test of time currently is how the movies a family has become so influenced American society. A family who is a byproduct of the traditions, beliefs, and values that American perpetuates through politics, business, and law enforcement which the characters a particular idea on how they should maintain power in the status quo. Every frame is used to…  
325  After going through a phase of rewatching some of my favourite obscure art-house features I’m back in the realm of familiarity reviewing Francis Ford Coppola’s “greatest film of all time” The Godfather.It has to be said that The Godfather is a remarkable cinematic achievement. Written by Coppola and Mario Puzo and based on Puzo’s book what is so striking is its intelligence. Taking in many different strands to fill out it’s excessive runtime it is a complex and impressive…  
326  [81]Third (full) viewing, maybe? Previous placeholder score of 81 was about right. Don’t have much to add that hasn’t already been said by everyone else, except to say that I’ve never really paid attention to just how insanely watchable this is for a three-hour film : wasn’t even planning to see it, but my wife started it up in the living room as I was getting ready to eat dinner. So I sat down to catch maybe the opening…  
327  OMG! Ósea ya sabía que iba a estar buena (por todo lo que mencionan) pero como dicen, una cosa es escucharlo y otra cosa es vivirlo y la experiencia de ver “The Godfather” se me hace indescriptible, realmente esta es.. LA PELÍCULA (si, así en mayúsculas)Una película completa en cualquier aspecto pero lo que más me sorprendió (y era en lo que más dudaba) es que en TRES HORAS me mantuvo pegadisimo a diferencia de otras pelis de menor…  
328 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Do I seriously have to talk about this? I mean, it’s The Godfather. Hasn’t like everybody talked about this film? I do? Ok then.WARNING: MAJOR SPOILERS. IF YOU ARE THE ONE PERSON WHO HASN’T SEEN THE GODFATHER, TURN BACK NOWThe Godfather is a masterpiece of cinema. Everything it does is perfect. The story, acting, cinematography, music, and everything else is perfect. The story is a fascinating story about Michael Corleone’s fall and losing his soul. Everything builds upon one…   
329 Because I am an intellectual I can say that this movie is boring with no shame. Al Pacino was handsome though so 1 star. 
330 Every time I watch this film I’m surprised by how brilliant it is on every level.Easily one of the greatest ever made. 
331 i cooka da pizza. mamma mia 🇮🇹 
332 Its the Godfather, its really good. Babygirlified Al Pacino, and the insanely massive presence of James Caan plus sweeeeet old murderer man Brando. He's so fucked up. Love him.Whatever its just the best 
333  Trying to get into that Christmas mood. I feel like I have to talk about something. I don’t want people to get the impression that I only like this movie because I like Al Pacino. I mean, I like him, but it’s not the only reason I gave it five stars, just clearing that up here…Sometimes I wonder why I even bother caring about what’s happening, but I really do care. I think upon rewatch I have a better…  
334  Saw in 35 mm at the cinemas*Spoilers in the last part of the last paragraph.50 years since the world of film changed forever, 50 years since Francis Ford Coppola and his crew blessed us and the Seventh Art with one of the greatest films ever made, it has been 50 years, 50 years already and it still feels as modern and impactful as it was 50 years ago and as it will stay that way for eternity. The…  
335 cant believe everyone goes on about how attractive pacino is when james caan is literally stood right next to him 
336 in the book michael says he wanted to be a math teacher and i just want to share that information because it ruined my day 
337  The Godfather truly is the greatest 70s film. The majority say the greatest film ever made. I’d say it’s one of the greatest films ever made. It’s certainly in my top 10. The Godfather has amazing individual performances. The best acting I’ve ever seen in a film before. Not one person was even a little bit off. It also contained some truly memorable scenes. The restaurant scene was my favourite. As soon as Michael went into the toilet my heart…  
338 “I believe in America”the American dream revitalized as a story of blood an cannoli. how the Americana we want to know figure into the one we live in daily, and how there’s always going to be corruption at the top to spearhead it. never side against the family.i know this is the cool new thing to hate on, but folks. it doesn’t get much better than this 
339 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Once again, a legendary piece of cinematic history impresses me. I can barely keep track of every little aspect I loved about this film. The characters are memorable and fascinating people, from Michael's transformation to be the gangster he was meant to be to Marlon Brando's legendary performance as Vito Corleone to Sonny being a brash, lovable asshole. Every performance is spot on and everyone feels like a workhorse to bring this world to life. The plot is loaded and…   
340  "The Godfather," directed by Francis Ford Coppola, is not just a film but a cultural phenomenon that has profoundly shaped the landscape of cinema. The 1972 epic, based on Mario Puzo's novel of the same name, paints a powerful portrait of the Corleone family and its entanglement in the world of organized crime. The cinematic brilliance extends across multiple layers, from the stellar acting to the profound narrative, from the impressive visual design to the memorable music.The performances in…  
341  SHOCKtober Mob Mayhem #16Story - 10/10Characters - 10/10Cinematography - 10/10Acting - 10/10Emotion - 10/10Music - 10/10Sound - 9/10Pacing - 9/10Visual Effects - 7/10Rewatch Ability- 8/10Total: 93/100“We’re going to make him an offer he can’t refuse.” - Don “The Godfather” CorloneFrancis Ford Copolla’s film, The Godfather, has been considered by some to be a masterpiece of cinema, and it is easy to see why. The visuals that the…  
342  The club's caporegime, an old hand at conducting ritualized slaughter designated him by the tribal chieftain, is directing an innocent young man he's known from birth on how to carry out his first ritual. Having been socked in the face, the young man's accepted this responsibility to establish catharsis for the tribe as it'll conveniently result in his own bloodthirst being satisfied: shooting a couple of suckers in the head who had it coming to them. The capo, Clemenza, reassures…  
343 fifty years later, in 4K with HDR, and not a seam can be seen in Dick Smith’s makeup; flawless 
344  I didn't have to ask whether the missus had brought The Godfather box-set on holiday with us, I just assumed it would be somewhere near the top of the pile. It was, is, and probably always will be her favorite movie and as we settled down with a bottle of wine and some nibbles we both knew we were in for something special. Almost every year we watch this. At nearly three hours though, it requires the time and patience…  
345  De Niro, Hackman, Hoffman, Nicholson and Pacino...a journeyAl Pacino RankedPacino #2It has been something like 13 years since I last watched The Godfather. I don't really know why I took so long to revisit it, I've seen it plenty of times before. In spite of this extended length of time, I found myself reciting lines in scenes before they occurred (in my head of course). Rarely, if ever, has a film engrained itself in film culture in…  
346 pregamed this with a big tray of homemade baked ziti so i think it's a testament to the quality of this 3 hour movie that i didn't fall asleep 
347  The Corleone crime family and their tribulations during the 40's and 50's. Vito Corleone must turn over the role of head of the family to the one son least destined for it, or so it seemed...The Godfather revolutionized movie-making in the early 70's. It reimagined the mob movie by truly getting inside their lives and showing it from their own points of view. It's an artistic triumph and a relentlessly watchable drama. Basically, we're talking about one of the…  
348  Leave the gun. Take the cannoli. -Peter ClemenzaHad the sudden urge to revisit The Godfather. Probably one of the most watched movies within my family. We would never just watch the first, always all three either in one day or two. Those old double VHS tapes.Brought back memories of the discussions we’d have about these movies. Never about the performances or direction, but always about the characters and story. We didn’t see Marlon Brando, Al Pacino and James…  
349 3 hours. I DID IT. I WATCHED THE SUPPOSEDLY BEST FILM EVER MADE. not my cup of tea to be honest; dark, masculine, violent, serious and secretive movies have never been, but it’s THE GODFATHER. still crazy that 143k people gave this 5 stars though 
350 Nowhere near as good as Scooby-Doo 2 
351  Revisiting "The Godfather" – An Unforgettable Cinematic JourneyI recently rewatched the cinematic masterpiece that is "The Godfather," and once again, I found myself blown away by its brilliance. As I settled into my seat, it was as if time lost all meaning and 3 hours just flew by.From the very first frame, the incredible cinematography immersed me and made me feel like I was back in bygone era, and to this day visually "The Godfather" is as impressive…  
352 Underrated gem. A must see. 
353 you guys heard of this one? it’s pretty good! 
354 “a man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man.”i could write an extensive review on this masterpiece but imma keep it simple: the kitty on don corleone’s lap. 
355 a holy and wholly communal theatrical experience.6,015 people laughing together, cheering together, crying together, experiencing together.every moment of violence is pristine and shocking, even on a fourth viewing.sheer perfection. 
356 men will never understand what it's like to watch the godfather from a female perspective 
357 I've made a much longer review before so I'll keep this one short because everyone knows how great The Godfather is. The storytelling, acting performances, music, writing, directing, cinematography, pacing and themes are all perfect and it's arguably the greatest depiction of crime ever.It has some of my favourite shots, some of my favourite scenes and has the greatest group of characters in cinema. Each of the characters has value and importance and the development throughout is absolutely sensational. Will be re-watching The Godfather Part Two tonight.98/100 🌹 
358  The Godfather --- 1972Michael is a war hero. Michael at one point, before the war, was a student at an Ivy League School (Dartmouth). If having a good reputation and a good resume mean anything here, Michael has more than a decent shot at a good future. But let's talk about Michael's family for a moment.Being a Corleone can bring many advantages to Michael's life. But due to their criminal background, Michael's well deserved squeaky clean image is…  
359 On this rewatch I actually understood the film 
360  This was the first film I ever added to my watchlist, I don't know what took me so long to watch it, but here we are.The filmmaking on this is pretty much perfect, you could say every aspect of this is done flawlessly and it might be true, but this didn't have that big of an impact on me like it did with most people, sure I still loved it, but not as much as I was expecting. I…  
361 I would've refused the offer. better luck next time, Coppola. 
362  Francis Ford Coppola's masterpiece and just like almost everyone on this planet I fucking love this film. Just one of my favorite films of all time to be honest. The story had me invested the whole way through, the cinematography is stunning, the musical score is amazing, the direction is phenomenal, the editing is brilliant, the pacing is great, and not once was I ever bored, the screenplay is fantastic, there are many disturbing, intense, and shocking moments, there are…  
363 Intimate yet epic just the same. Each elaborate movement of the story plays out with a grace and a mastery and a perfection that remains largely unmatched in Hollywood. Contains countless iconic scenes and lines of dialogue, and good luck finding a better cast. 
364 young al pacino can like... get it 
365 Could've used more cannoli. Besides that, pretty great. 
366 This hit different after watching the sopranos 
367 The final act of this film is where cinema hit its absolute peak and nothing will come close. Iconic scene after iconic scene, greatest ensemble cast and Nino Rota’s score make this one of my absolute favourites. You ain’t serious if you believe the myth that Godfather 2 is better, I’m sorry. 
368 First ray now James. A bad year.. (the two who have the greatest woman revenge justice fights in mafia history) R.I.P. James Caan this watch was for you. 
369 Honestly the fact that this movie can hold my attention for a whole three hours should be proof enough for anyone that it is indeed one of the best - if not the best - films to have ever been made. 
370 I literally cannot believe it took me this long to finally get to this. It’s easily one of the best movies I’ve ever seen, and I don’t know how you could give The Godfather anything other than a 5. Probably the best cast in movie history?! Also, this may sound super weird, but there are some fantastic murders in this movie. P.S. I was really surprised by the fact that they didn’t say “fuck” once. I think seeing Goodfellas before this really twisted my expectations. 😂 
371 I just couldn't get into it. It's way too long with too many characters and I was just so bored. I'd heard so many great things about this so my expectations were really high but the movie never met them. 
372 „I make him an Offer he cannot refuse “This movie is great in every way. Great plot, great characters, memorable quotes and scenes.Al Pacino plays the role of Michael Corlone great!The character development of many of the characters is very good in the film.It's a must see for everyone!Rating: 5/5 
373  This is one of the few films I simply have nothing bad to say about. All the acting performances are amazing honestly, but you gotta give it to Marlon Brando, who has a unique presence, and Al Pacino. The transformation of his character Michael, who seemed pretty ordinary and innocent in the beginning, into a powerful man emerging in the world of organized crime was magnificent and it couldn’t have happened without Al Pacino’s impactful performance.The story is flawless,…  
374 Don Vito Corleone when I ask him to name an actor cooler than Bruce Campbell: “That I cannot do.” 
375  The Godfather is probably one of those movies that everyone assumes you’ve seen when you say you love film—but tonight was my first time. What’s there to say that hasn’t already been said. Timeless, iconic and beautiful. It was such a treat to sit down to watch this from start to finish. It kept me consumed with it’s story and characters, and despite the 3 hour runtime, I almost didn’t want it to end. Just brilliant overall. Really looking forward…  
376  Nun hab ich es also endlich geschafft. Nach 2 Jahren Prime Mitgliedschaft, 2 Jahre an Möglichkeit einen der größten Filme zu sehen, aber dennoch 2 Jahren Aufschieben von diesem, hab ich "Der Pate" nun endlich gesehen. Gerade, weil der Film eben als einer der besten, vielleicht sogar den besten Film aller Zeiten genannt wird, habe ich mich sehr davor gefürchtet. Aber es hilft ja nichts, irgendwann muss man dann ja auch mal ran. Was meine Erwartungen angeht, die wahren doch…  
377  Absolutely masterful. Young Pacino and De Niro were fun to see but Marlon Brando absolutely stole the show. The gravitas his character was able to maintain was incredibly impressive and I truly felt the weight of his words and the magnitude of his presence.Beyond being elegantly written and directed, this movie is wildly entertaining and builds tension, and creates suspense wonderfully. When Michael goes to the Italian restaurant and has to go to the bathroom... that was so good.…  
378  What is there to be said about this film that hasn’t been said? 176 minutes of cinema at its finest. Nearly every seen is iconic and can be seen, heard, felt in hundreds of films and TV shows since then. So many people where listed to play these roles, but can anyone see anyone else in these roles and feel like it would have been better. I know a lot of near 3 hour movies that drag on and on…  
379  I know I'm late to the party but hey it's better late than never. Numerous people been hyping this to me for months so understandably my expectations for this film was extremely high but sadly, it barely misses the mark for me. Francis Ford Coppola did a wonderful job threading this riveting story, bringing incredible emotional depths to both the main and the supporting characters. The film also have one of the craziest acting ensemble of all time but the…  
380 you guys i just found out that al pacino in this movie actually invented the concept of being sexy!! like he was the first one to ever do it!! wow you really do learn smth new everyday 😊🤞 
381 Family ties that bind. Not a structuralist work (the possible commentary in capitalism is merely hinted at and never actually articulated), but a very focused and dramatically competent story of a man who climbs the crime ladder given the imperishable net of family. I think the main reason for this film’s timeless success lies in the way its script manages to really condensate only essential informations, everything contributes directly to the narrative, which is no easy feat considering its running time. Storytelling in one of its most palpable conditions. 
382  Godfather movies ranked: boxd.it/byua4This is known as one of the best movies ever and even though it might be slightly overrated, it is still a great movie, which clearly have had a big influence on it’s genre. The story is great and it gives a great look at the lifes of the members of a big mafia family. The movie is long at almost 3 hours but the pacing and storytelling still didnt make it tough to get through.…  
383  SPOILERS IN PARAGRAPHS 4 & 5."I ask for justice" pleads a man named Bonasera in the first scene of The Godfather, a film which has come to define the ‘gangster movie’ since its release in 1972. Sitting restlessly in a dark room, his nerves are undermined by the playfulness of a nearby pet kitten. He has come to beg Vito Corleone, the Don of a New York crime family, to murder the men who beat his daughter beyond recognition; men…  
384  “A man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man.”The Godfather is one of the most iconic films of all time. I doubt there’s a single person living today that doesn’t know about it and it definitely lived up to all the hype for me. Vito alone is one of the most iconic characters in film and finally seeing him along with hearing his legendary quotes like “I’m gonna make him an offer he…  
385  cheers to my first coppola AND my first al pacino movie…. it was good! incredibly made, production & acting wise. i really enjoyed the cinematography & how rich the possibility for connections to succession this story was lmfaooo. and the music!!! very nice. were there too many characters for me to keep track of and no way to differentiate them bc they literally all looked the same? yes. did that leave me confused for a bit of this? also yes. but i…  
386 Thanks mom for giving me the idea of watching the Godfather movies again.Can't add more than it being one of the best american films of the 70s. 
387 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   You didn't need a friend like me. But, now you come to me, and you say: "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me Godfather. Instead, you come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married, and you ask me to do murder for money.It's been several years since I've seen Francis Ford Coppola's renowned classic, but I can still remember…   
388 it really is just as stunning as people say. somehow one of "the greatest films of all time" feels underrated because people aren't talking about this 24/7 
389  Been ten years since I popped on The Godfather, and fifty years since it popped itself on popular culture, and let's face it, we still swoon for Coppola's miracle. Even as I sit here wracked by the fever dream of peak covid-19 symptoms, I was transported. I teared up at Fredo's delayed reaction to seeing his father on the ground after being shot five times. I teared up at Michael's delayed reaction to dropping the gun in the restaurant. I…  
390 FILM #1,000!Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.I don't have to write about how much I loved this film. It's imfamously one of the best films to exist. But I'm going to anyway.The Godfather is a 1972 masterpiece that can be summed up in the word 'perfect'. Its acting? Perfect. Its cinematography. Perfect. The story, script, characters and just about everything else? Absolutely perfect. Despite its almost 3 hour long runtime and slow pacing, this film doesn't feel like it goes on forever and ever. 
391 Damn I really wanted to give this something controversial but I can’t 
392 Much prefer the film's first and final hours to its bizarrely paced middle portion. Michael's trip to Italy just isn't interesting and I don't buy his heel-turn when he returns, but otherwise it's just as enjoyable as it is compelling and the finale is spectacular. 
393 Did you know that George Lucas helped Francis Ford Coppola shoot and finish The Godfather? He actually shot a few things, like the newspaper shots. He even taught Coppola a few filmmaking tips about building suspense.So every time you call George Lucas a fat idiot cunt who nuked the fridge or jumped the shark or sold out, just remember he had more than a little something to do with arguably the greatest American picture ever filmed (literally). 
394 i saw this tonight at the cinematheque. at the end, when michael lies to kay about killing carlo, the audience laughed. that's supposed to be tragic, the last shred of his old decent self completely corrupted. this country is so over. 
395  [Viewed from the glorious Coppola Restoration on Blu-Ray]Most people want protection without admitting what they are protecting—that is, it's a common practice to put up one's guard rather than admit vulnerability, even though such a guard paradoxically proves vulnerability. There are few things stronger than family, a fact of humanity that the Corleones weave into the rope of their protective business, and it's undoubtedly the strongest cord.Vice versa, the business then becomes a strand woven into the DNA…  
396  My crime is that I never watched this holy monster of films. Such a brutal and grotesque view but at the same time with deep explorations and feelings of sympathy about the people of mafia. Every and each one of us has wick spots we are no gods and no matter the power we posses or the money’s death always knocks our door like Don Corleone. All the power all the glory but he never was happy or relaxed. I…  
397  Featured Lists   > 1970s Ranked  > Non-2020 First Time Watches  > Best Picture Nominees Ranked  > Best 100 Movies of All Time “I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. Okay? I want you to leave it all to me.”The Godfather is definitely in the conversation of most iconic film of all time. I’m honestly surprised that I’ve waited this long to watch this film since it is a must watch. I have to get my hot takes…  
398  No clue what I could possibly have to say about this movie that hasn't already been said. It's the quintessential "modern" American epic. A crime story presented with the grandiosity of ancient myth. A movie that can even serve as a parable for the rise of Al Pacino, a man who would take the torch from Hollywood legend Marlon Brando and go on to become Hollywood royalty of the highest order in his own right.A true masterpiece in every…  
399 Watching "The Godfather" on the big screen with my son is simply one of the highlights of the new year for me."We'll get there, Pop. We'll get there."We're already there, son. Thanks for taking the time off to come see your old man. 
400 When a character mentioned gabagool my face lit up like a child witnessing their very first fireworks. 
401 I’m a simple man… I see Al Pacino and I give 5 stars 
402  The Godfather has consistently been a film that i’ve been itching to give a watch, ever since i first really got into film. When first discovering this app The Godfather was the first film i put in my watchlist, fast forward until i reached my 500th watch i said to myself that this was going to be my 1000th, and i can now pridefully say i’ve watched The Godfather. When mentioning the ”greatest” films of all time, The Godfather always pops…  
403  ■ Ugh. Who am I kidding? This is just great. Sky continues to be blue, etc. It's no MCCABE & MRS MILLER ya know, but it's pretty great. People gettin' wiped out. There's some wipe-outs in this movie.■ Gordon Willis's work here gets more unthinkable as I learn more about shooting movies, and not less. The nerve it must have taken to shoot Brando in the most controversially underlit manner possible with no safety net at all. Incredible. And to…  
404 i would happily marry into a mafia family for young al pacino 
405 Francis Ford Coppola‘s masterpiece, The Godfather. Marlon Brando as the iconic figure as the Godfather. Marlon captivated his performance. Al Pacino always has me interested when he’s on screen. He really knows how to convince the audience that he’s in fact Michael Corleone. Can’t wait to check out Part 2. 
406 It’s the Godfather, do I need to say any more? Marlon Brando gave one of the best performances I’ve ever seen. The development of Michael throughout the film was just outstanding, got to be the best development of a character in any film ever. 
407 Finally watched this for the first time.  Ok, I get it now. Brilliant film that definitely lives up to its reputation even all these years later.Degrees of Kevin Bacon: 1Robert Duvall and Kevin Bacon in Jayne Mansfield’s Car 
408 scavenger hunt 46 | task 14 | a gangster flick I thought for sure this movie was going to be overhyped but dam..... it really did make me an offer I couldn’t refuse 
409  Whelp....I've finally did it, I watched the Godfather. From this point on there's no going back, I'm a changed man. The Godfather is one of the best films I have ever seen in my life, no questions asked. The plot takes place from 1945 to sometime in the 1950's and follows Don Corleone, the leader of the Corleone crime family. I hate to say it, but that's all I can say really about the plot. There is so much that…  
410 Top 10 movie of all time. 
411 I have finally hit 1,000 films rated on Letterboxd, so I had to use debatably the biggest movie ever to reach that landmark. And, believe it or not, The Godfather is good. The story was interesting even though I don’t love mob movies. And I enjoyed the score. I’d say the performances were the highlight, specifically those of Al Pacino and Marlon Brando. But there isn’t anything I can really contribute to this conversation that you don’t already know. So if you haven’t seen it, watch it eventually. If you have, you know what I’m talking about.🔙 Howl’s Moving Castle 
412 Watched again for a Next Picture Show pairing with The Iron Claw. Listen up! 
413  The quintessential mob epic. A fantastically layered family drama full of flawless interpersonal conflicts and character parallels. A perfect crime drama where the fear of being caught by the law is an afterthought compared to the tension that comes from the family rivalries, the turf wars, the revenge killings etc. A perfect rise-and-fall, cautionary antihero story. As a viewer, you want so badly for Michael to stay out of the family business. You want him to take the advice of…  
414 I mean… It’s The Godfather! The king of cinema! What do you want me to say?! Gabagool? Culturally rich, emotionally complex, a writhing beast of familial affairs. Even when you’re out, you’re never really out of the family. 
415 Sight & Sound top 100Ranked #12Completion 3/100Silky smooth and eternally stylish - The godfather essentially transcends cinema at this point. 
416  Was a precocious kid, first watched this in like 5th grade. I might've watched it a couple times over when my dad told me to turn it off and go for a ride with him. We parked in an alley and he asked if I had his back. I asked in case of what. He said that there was some people who owed us money and that we were going to have to get it. In coded language I kind…  
417 poor Apollonia, she just wanted to drive 
418  “I’m going to make him an offer he cannot refuse.”Featured Lists:-Top 100 Movies of All Time-Best Picture Winners Ranked-Non 2020 First WatchesI’ve finally made it around to what many consider to be the best film of all time. Trust me, it’s embarrassing that I’m just seeing this now at 21, but I can finally close that door. 2020 has been the year where I watch all the big name films, so here’s another one (check this…  
419 im sick & tired of pretending to be a normal film consumer. where was the fucking subway surfer gameplay 
420 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Well i just can't think of any other rating other than 10/10 for this movie.Watching the godfather has been my #1 goal when it comes to movies for about a year now and i have to admit my expectations were massive(I mean if you don't have high expectations to seven samurai or citizen kane then when do you have high expectations?haha),but i had this feeling that i was destined to be disappointed by such high expectations.The fact that many…   
421 “Luca Brasi Sleeps With The Fishes” 
422  A movie bigger than movies. The Godfather towers above cinema. Its reputation is unassailable, a film before all films, existing a priori by being so deeply entrenched in pop culture. Cinephiles are born knowing that this is the movie “they cannot refuse”. The wedding, the horse head, the bloody tollbooth shootout, these are the collective memories of cinema. Even those who are yet to see Coppola’s sprawling gangster epic can't claim to be untouched by its influence. Television to comics,…  
423 had to renew my filmbro status 
424 film bros were not lying about this one im invested and so deeply in love with al pacino 
425  Alongside Citizen Kane, The Godfather is considered the absolute pinnacle of cinema; an untouchable milestone of which everything that comes after is compared to. It’s an undeniable classic that deserves its accolades, and I believe the true power of the film is in its ability to immerse the viewer in a whole new world unlike anything they’ve ever seen. Not a high concept fantasy or sci-fi world, but one of mobsters and mafiosos, of crime and corruption, drenched in gritty,…  
426  MEU DEUS DO CÉU O TANTO QUE EU TAVA PERDENDO ESSE FILME COMPARADO A UM QUADRO OU UMA OBRA GANHA DEMAISpapacito al pacino lindo e querido das carreiras nesse meu deus do céu o homem tava só o luxo agora são ser 24 horas pensando em michael corleone eu sinceramente viraria uma madrinha da máfia só por ele viu o vitinho meu deus do céu têm como não amar aquele gigante?desde da primeira cena do filme simpatizei com ele…  
427 Lots of people consider The Godfather their all-time favorite, which is perfectly fine and understandable.For me personally, there are 2-3 Mafia films that I like even more than this one, including Part II.But without a doubt, The Godfather is an excellent piece of cinematic history. 
428 Masterwork.It's hard to summate or add to the storied conversation this film has had. So I'll keep it brief. The black detail and contrast was delicious, long shots were crucial to build the world and make it feel undeniable, Pacino has his broadest and most convincing character arc that I've seen.Hot take: FFC/MB>PTA/DDL 
429  I just woke up. I’m pretty surprised that I’m in such a good mood, and I can’t stop thinking about this Masterpiece. I thought I was going to get bored  throughout the 3 hours runtime, or I was going to eventually sleep it off because I started at 12 midnight. But I wasn’t and I didn’t. Not even a single moment. One of the best opening scenes in a film, I must say. This was a terrific experience! It was…  
430  I can´t say anything new about “The Godfather”. The opening scene is iconic, the ending scene is iconic, and everything in between is also iconic. The film won the Oscar for Best Picture, has an average Letterboxd score of 4.6 and an IMdB score of 9.2. To say that the movie is critically acclaimed would be a great understatement. And no, I won´t play the contrarian here. It really is a flawless masterpiece and one of the big milestones of…  
431  A building storm of a film, clouds rolling across the sky, the sweltering humidity of an oncoming storm does nothing to dissuade the eventual thunder-strike, the lightning-bolt that pierces the crux of positivity, no longer is the celebratory facade of the Corleone wedding justified, the shady rooms and whisky-obstructed casual routines begin to overwhelm the faded exteriors. I believe in America too, but not this America of a lost Paradise, the unwound clock stuck at 12:12, it truly is a…  
432  I'm gonna make you an offer you can't refuse. One of the most iconic quotes in one of the most iconic and influential movies ever made. For me, The Godfather is the greatest movie ever, perfectly blending themes of family, power and loyalty. Having said that I'm not going to give this a 100/100 because there are movies I prefer to this which I don't have at one hundred out of one hundred, for example The Truman Show. Francis Ford…  
433  “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.”Featured Lists:-2022 Seen In Theaters /  A+ Rated Movies-Best Picture Winners Ranked-Best 100 Movies of All TimeYup, this is definitely one of the greatest movies ever made. I love how everything connects, especially little lines of dialogue that come back into play later. Marlon Brando of course is brilliant as the iconic Don Vito Corleone - why did I think he wasn’t in it that much first go…  
434 MASTERPIECE!!! 
435 What hasn't been said about The Godfather? well, Barbie's Film Bro Ken's breakdown is amazing: "Oh my god, you haven't seen The Godfather? This movie is a rich blend of Coppola's aesthetic genius and the triumph of Robert Evans and the architecture of the 1970s studio system" It's that plus the amazing score, beautiful photography, perfect editing (this is 3 hours and feels like 2), epic story, Coppola's exquisite direction and all of the amazing performances, anchored by one of cinema's best with Marlon Brando as Don Corleone - it's perfection! 
436 "Deixe que seus amigos subestimem suas qualidades e que seus inimigos superestimem seus defeitos."sem palavras pra descrever o quão perfeito esse filme é. 
437 I want to build a time machine just to go back to the early 70’s and violently makeout with Al Pacino. 
438 Now you come to my review and say, "I want to read your review" but you don't ask with respect, don't offer your friendship, you don't even think call me Godfather.Agora você vem na minha review e diz: "quero ler sua review" mas você não pede com respeito, não oferece sua amizade, nem pensa em me chamar de padrinho 
439 i really do know that i have to sit and think about this. but this is probably the greatest film i’ve ever watched. 100/100 
440  "Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever."What an amazing experience! I'm so glad the celebrate this cinematic revolution's 50th anniversary in theaters. I have nothing new to say about this piece of art. Seeing people in their 20s while waiting to see adults in their 40s in theaters tells again how timeless this is. I watched this film for the first time with my father…  
441 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Michael meets a girl in Italy, marries her, and then she explodes all in a friggin weekend.More on a very special 70mm podcast.  
442 Currently logging this on February 28th (my birthday!) but I actually watched this yesterday for my 500th film! I made an entire list where I watched 30 user-requested movies before it, and I must say, that journey was worth it for this destination. And yeah, this is an investing, very well crafted, well directed, and just an incredible movie. It's regarded as the greatest movie ever made and I can totally see why. There isn't anything left for me to say, I think everyone knows every single reason why this movie is amazing. And on another note, I can finally watch other movies!!!! Yay!!! 
443 I’ve been missing out for far too long — no review, just praise for this staple of mafia epic masterpiece. 
444 A wholesome movie that teaches family values. 
445 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  And to think, none of this wouldn’t happen to Michael if Apollonia didn’t get car bombed to death. In all seriousness, second viewing has made it a lot better and I’m looking forward to rewatching Part 2 again  
446 would love to see more movies with hot shirtless guys eating italian food 
447  Paramount. Coppola Restoration Blu-Ray1.85:1Color (Technicolor)35mm18“No Sicilian can ever refuse a request on his daughter's wedding day”I’m going to start with this and I don’t care what anyone thinks. Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather is one if not the best film of the 20th Century, only it’s sequel can come close to even being on par. There are a few other contenders, but undoubtedly Coppola’s film is a masterpiece. Aside from its beautiful editing and…  
448  A masterpiece of cinema. Still after 45 years this film still holds up. Not many films would have the impact this film is still having 45 years later. In films today we still see references and nods to this film and things that wouldnt be in modern cinema if it wasnt for this film. A sign of a true classic. Scenes as heart wrenching and immersive as the first time I saw this. Amazing performances from the whole cast but…  
449 An operatic legend of Italian passion becomes a quintessential piece of American mythology. Nearly every scene of this film has the Corleones wearing masks; masks for loved ones, masks for enemies, even masks for themselves. The perpetual disguise the Corleones put on for the world makes sense when confronted with the terrible truth of their lives. The only truth, the only reality in Michael's fragile existence as the heir to his father's kingdom of decadence, is violence. Well, violence and delicious food. 
450 "karma is a cat, purring in my lap cause it loves me." - don vito corleone 
451 great film, I really hope there's a sequel. 
452  So a friend of mine told me to watch it 4 years ago, in 2018. But I didn't listen to him, and I told him I will watch this as soon as I get some time.2019, he asked me if I have watched the legendary The Godfather trilogy. I told him that I forgot, but I will definitely watch it as soon as I will get some time.3 years gone, he didn't even ask me if I have…  
453 🕵️‍♂️🔫"look how they massacred my Boy"That famous line gets memed so much,But I don't care.overall I love this movie so much. 
454 Look how they massacred my boy.A direção do Francis Ford Coppola tá facilmente entre as melhores que já vi na vida, cheio de momentos marcantes e únicos, o homem sabe de tudo! Sem entrar em detalhes, o filme ainda conta com um primor técnico absurdo, e tem um dos melhores e mais bem escritos roteiros que já vi.Sei que é chover no molhado, mas que atuações perfeitas do Marlon Brando e do Al Pacino hein! 
455 “The lawyer with the briefcase can steal more money than the man with the gun.”-Vito Corleone This was my second time watching this on the big screen and what an incredible experience it was. I only rewatched this film a month ago but i couldn’t pass the opportunity to see this masterpiece again. My full review is HEREThe Godfather original soundtrack January 2023 rankedPR:5/5 
456 don bezigue aussi aurait pu intégrer la mafia corse mais il préfère faire des tweets sur le pipi du lavabo pour éviter de se faire fusiller par les 5 familles rivales ça se comprend 
457 my most basic trait is being blown the fuck away by this movie every time. go ahead, name something wrong with it that’s not contrarian bullshit. seen it a million times and I noticed new stuff again 
458  “I believe in America.”Succession. The death of the old world in the face of the new despite how much it is fought to be preserved. Age or early death will take us all, and our legacy is decided by who and what we leave behind. Vito Corleone, who is unable to adapt to the new way of life, dies in front of his child grandson. Michael Corleone becomes his father but worse despite his best intentions. He disregards his…  
459 “michael francis rizzi, do you renounce satan?”“i do renounce them.”as destruction of his enemies begins to happen. 
460 No se que decir... Sublime. 
461 crazy rich italians 
462 the dad’s favorite actor to daughter’s celebrity crush pipeline 
463  العراب اجتمعت فيه جميع العوامل التي تجعل الفيلم احد اعظم الافلام الكتابه والاخراج والتمثيل وسير الاحداث كانوا في قمة الكمال وطريقة الاغتيالات كانت مدروسه وغير متوقعه والساوند تراك اعتبره الافضل بتاريخ السينما الاقتباسات ممتازه خاصه مايحتاج اتكلم عن اداء مارلون براندو اداءه كان واقعي وطريقه التعابير ولو ماشاهدت الا العراب اكتفيت باعتبار مارلون احد اهم الممثلين بالتاريخ والممثلين المساعدين ممتازين امثال ال باتشينو وجيمس كان وروبرت دوفال الفيلم الأكمل من ناحية الاداء التمثيلي فرانسيس فورد كوبولا لم يخسر الرهان حينما…  
464  Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather is a moving painting bursting with captivating details and poetic-like dialogue. Rich in traditional storytelling supported by an incredible setting and an iconic score. The wonderful character development comes to fruition due to the outstanding cast of performers oozing with natural charm. It's basically the whole package including a tsunami of emotions hitting you without mercy. Even the casting of the light in order to create a contrast between light and shadow as much as possible is clever.…  
465 When Connie smashed those plates... good for her. 
466 When Vito whispered “where’s Michael?” I felt that What Al Pacino has done to me in this film should be against the law 
467 This movie will never get old. 
468 I walked in right when the credits started to roll, and my grandpa said, “I think the acting was superb.  Now I have to go water my tomatoes.” 
469  FINALLY!!!!! 🙌🏼The day has come. I’ve watched what is ubiquitously considered as one of the greatest movies of all time and it’s about damn time. I’m happy to report that I agree with all the tout this movie gets. I was scared I would end up not liking this or be bored for how long the movie is and my official Movie Fan Card would be metaphorically shredded into pieces. Luckily my attention never wavered a bit in the 3…  
470 al pacino is so entrancingly beautiful in this i need him so badly 
471  I don't have anything to say about this one that I'm sure hasn't been said before. I was going to watch this one on Paramount Plus until it disappeared on me. When I combined it with Showtime, it was streaming there but is about to be removed. Since it didn't say when it will be dropped, I wanted to get it in tonight. I did feel that the story dragged a bit in places. but I still had to give…  
472  50th Anniversary ScreeningBest Cinema Experience ever (with the lotr marathon). Very detailed Review of my favorite and the greatest film of all time.My father would say historical event. INT DAY: DON'S OFFICE (SUMMER 1945)Bonasera, we know each other for years, but this is the first time you come to me for help. I don't remember the last time you invited me to your house for coffee...even though our wives are friends.The Opening scene. Considered by many…  
473  It would be a cliche to call The Godfather a novelistic film or the greatest film of all time, but those labels are kinda correct. It begins with a wedding and ends with the funeral of a soul. Frankly the film is more like opera, it consists of music, poetry, painting, there is something almost metaphysical about its greatness, it's a masterclass in every way imaginable and is to movies what Kind Of Blue was for jazz. I've been rewatching…  
474 buttcheeks 
475  Concurrently documenting not only 10 years of the Corleone family but also the inner workings of their dynasty and its tumultuous members, Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather earns its place as one of the most highly respected films of all time. It’s been overly lauded for me to say anything wholly original, but I’ll summarise my thoughts after my first (full) viewing. This 1972 feature blends all the elements that work together to complete a film in the most excellent way.…  
476 i am normally in bed by 9pm because of work and im just most of the time exhausted but holy hell its currently midnight and ive just spent almost 3 hours watching this and i dont know why it took so many years to watch this film, im disappointed with myself anyways im sleep good noot 
477  52 Years In 52 Weeks: 2023What a special experience it was to see The Godfather on the big screen today. I have seen it in multiple formats before— on an old TV and on a laptop. On 35mm in a legit theater it is truly sublime. The colors stood out to me the most during this viewing. The light and dark of NYC, mostly dark. The open and colorful space of Sicily in contrast. That one shot of Tom…  
478  English below*Vor 5 Tagen*Ich wache auf. Bin schweißgebadet. Meine Augen sind verklebt und mein Mund trocken. Ich schlage die Decke weg, fange an zu frieren. Lege die Decke wieder um mich und schwitze sofort. Schüttelfrost.Ich kann mich nicht bewegen, mein Körper zittert. Ich richte mich auf und mir wird schwindlig. Ich lege mich wieder zurück und spüre an meinem Rücken das Nass der Matratze. Ich bleibe liegen, harre aus, was der bestmögliche Zustand ist. Das kühl der…  
479  Probably the greatest film ever made. No film, at least from what I've seen, has been able to tap into and utilize the endless bounds of the cinematic art form to create something so grand and powerful. Something so rich with texture yet so refined and smooth. Something so... perfect. It's The Godfather! It's a film immortally intertwined with movie history and culture, a film where it's near impossible to go a minute without hearing an iconic line, a film…  
480 The moment when Brandos nose turns into the Sicilian goats backgrounded with the love theme maybe the greatest cut of all time. Just to show who the goat is..This in cinema is a different level of movie experience. 
481 That baptism scene…Cinema 
482  eu não sou o maior fã de filmes de máfia, mas como esse estava na minha lista, decidi dar play e estou chocado com o quanto ele realmente é bom. é um filme com muitas camadas e traz vários aspectos que funcionam muito bem. há vários momentos no filme que se intercalam e se complementam entre si. é um filme longo e exige que o espectador preste muita atenção para não perder nenhum detalhe.de todos os aspectos do filme,…  
483  Whilst the story isn't anything complex or totally unique within the genre, it is just so well done with a lot of heart that you can understand why it's become such a beloved classic, one of the best of all time. The characters are complex, powerful, and challenged and all go on real journeys throughout this first installment so end up becoming extremely relatable as you see more of their flaws, errors and their human nature. I also feel like…  
484 queria dizer pra quem da menos de 5 estrelas nesse que: eu vou caçar vcs 
485 Yeah it’s great, but it’s no Superman IV: The Quest for Peace 
486  ☆"Not until after the christening."☆50th Anniversary Dolby ScreeningMan, all those screaming babies really come through on Dolby Vision and 5.1 audio.Truly, next time you watch The Godfather, count the screaming baby scenes. It's a thing, a big thing. Where's the Academy Award for the screaming babies? A disgrace. #OscarsSoAdultAnyway, a thrill on the big screen. All my favorite scenes were that much more special tonight – Enzo and Michael in front of the hospital, Michael's confrontation…  
487  “Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.” Well, he finally watched it! I’ve been putting off this movie for the longest time, and was due to see the 50th anniversary release in the cinema today, but due to still having Covid, decided to just watch it over streaming. What can I say that hasn’t been said about this film before? It’s engaging and well structured, with characters that are developed slowly but thoroughly. The ‘Don’ of the gangster movie genre. Perhaps…  
488 Had a strong desire to watch Part 2, only felt right to watch this again first. It’s not perfect, but any flaws are so minor they disappear in the 3 hour journey. 
489  It's been a good 15 years since I watched The Godfather and revisiting this classic was definitely worth the time, but not just for the iconic characters or the incredible themes of family, power and moral values; I felt a strong sense of mythic storytelling in Coppola's interesting gangster cycle. Michael's arc, as fascinating and complex as it is, strikes me as a corollary to Sauron from the Lord of the Rings, Lucifer from Paradise Lost, or Prometheus from Greek…  
490 It’s legit freaky how dead silent and still Michael’s eyes become as the movie goes forward. His posture becomes completely different too. It’s scary stuff. You can’t overstate how magnificent Pacino is. It’s a bonkers performance. From thirty minutes on, he’s an entirely different person that lacks humor, a smile, and becomes exactly what the Don wanted to hopefully rise above one day.“It wasn’t enough time, Michael. Wasn’t enough time.” 
491 what's worse saying you've never watched the godfather or that you finally watched it and felt nothing. i am a loser˗ˏˋ added toˊˎ˗400 films for 2021 (5/400)pre 80s [all films watched]the classicsoscar nominated best pictures [all years]˗ˏˋ removed fromˊˎ˗films to watch before you die 
492  Now here it is, one of the movies I was most looking to watching in this Coppola watchthrough.This is just a masterpiece and I think that it's undeniable. What I like the most about this movie is the world building and the character arcs as both of those things are just brilliant. Coppola just gets you so intrigued in the world and the characters and the main cast just helps it.Marlon Brando is one of the best ever…  
493 I now see Tom Hagen's trip to Hollywood, which occurs early in the film, as a tacit acknowledgement the story we are about to see is the product of fantasy—it's likely no crime lord was ever as honorable or virtuous as Vito Corleone is depicted here. And yet I totally accept Brando's romanticized portrayal of Vito in "The Godfather," just as I'm chilled by Michael's anti-baptism during the finale; a man denouncing Satan and his works even as he willingly becomes evil incarnate. 
494 i can't say i've ever processed a single plot point of this movie because young al pacino is just so devastatingly hot to me that i really get nothing else out of it 
495 Italians whacking each other has been a cinema staple for almost 50 years and this movie is the g o d f a t h e r of that cultural cornerstone. 
496  “I believe in America. America has made my fortune.”Death has made his fortune. The undertaker has approached Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando) on this, the day of the Don’s daughter’s wedding, to ask a favor—that the Don enact vengeance against the boys who beat the undertaker's daughter. When the Don later seeks repayment of that favor, the currency is the undertaker's services as mortician, to make the body of the Don’s son, Sonny (James Caan), presentable for viewing. Death…  
497  THERES A CHRISTMAS SCENE. The godfather is a Christmas film. Now I can watch this, on her majesties secret service and die hard on the same day.Yeah I mean… it’s the godfather. It’s pretty good. The only thing that surprised me was that I somehow enjoyed it even more on a second watch. I know this film is called the best film of all time to the point where you instinctively want to dislike it, and that this 100%…  
498  At the heart of being a Don, the life Vito hoped to spare his son, Michael, is a core contradiction which must be held in precious balance, the struggle between life and death, violence and affection, matters business and personal. What's immediately noticeable about Coppola's immense translation of Puzo's novel is how much more sauce he stirs in. The novel, a huge hit, is pulp entertainment that misses a lot of detail and gets basic terminology wrong. This film, by…  
499  The Godfather:So as per your submissions (thank you), I have chosen this as my 700th film as a milestone in my film-watching experience. I didn't review this yet because I couldn't find words to serve it justice. I still don't think I can, but I'll give it a go. There is a reason this is considered one of if not the greatest film of all time. While is don't think it is the greatest of the greats, it definitely…  
500 you can't stop me from fetishizing the mafia try to stop me you can't 
501 The GodDaddy 
502 I love finding these underrated gems, really cool underground flick : -) 
503 Imagine thinking this isn’t one of the greatest films ever made. Coppola’s overarching theme of family in his films shows how power corrupts the weak willed and sinks into the family. I wish I could say something that hasn’t already been said but I’m honestly speechless as to how perfect this film is. 
504  For me, The Godfather is the greatest film ever made. My latest rewatch of the trilogy made it more obvious that I prefer that first one, while Part II is a fantastic film. This film feels really short for its runtime, the pacing is impressive in that regard. The source material is marvelous already, one of my favourite novels, but I still think this has to be one of the best adaptations from a novel ever made. The casting is…  
505 great film and al pacino is very hot but i did not understand a single word marlon brando said in this movie 
506 How did Vito Corleone manage to not get any cat hair on his tuxedo? 
507  Na primeira vez que eu assisti esse filme eu havia dado 4 estrelas e meia, por achar que algumas cenas foram desnecessárias, reassistindo percebo que eu não poderia estar mais enganado. Tudo é perfeitamente encaixado.A maioria do filme possui cenas memoráveis e clássicas que foram referenciadas em diversas outras obras. Eu defino esse filme como 'O Clássico', um curso completo onde se tem aula de atuação, roteiro, construção de personagem e direção (mesmo tendo alguns posicionamentos estranhos). Eu já…  
508  100/100Think it’s time to review my favourite movie of all time. The Godfather, the most epic mob story put to film, emulates what peak cinema is to me. Once I started playing the movie for the first time ever and the beautiful garden wedding party scene came on with the Godfather theme in the background, I knew I was just about to witness a world class masterpiece. When the movie finished, I just wanted to clap as appreciation of…  
509 First review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather/Second review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather/1/Third review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather/2/I can cross watching “The Godfather” at the cinema off my bucket list. I can´t say much more about the movie than I already have, except that it hits different on the big screen. It´s even more epic, elegant, and immersive, and a true feast for eyes and ears. The Sicily sequence is breathtakingly gorgeous (poor Apollonia), and the baptism montage is the pinnacle of filmmaking. But then again, I could also mention any other scene. This film is cinema at its best. 
510 As is the case with all great epics, The Godfather is as intimate and personal as it is colossal in scope. There is not a single shallow performance from any cast member, FFC’s of control of the camera and colour palette are sublime, and the narrative is emotional, brutal, and altogether complex. One of the greatest films of all time.501 Must-See Movies Journey 
511 It’s kinda insane how good this movie is. It’s just world class. Every single element is right and true. Al Pacino’s eyes are worth a thesis alone. The way he can conduct and enlist so many emotions, so many sonnets and words with a mere stare is something else. 
512  This movie is essential to being apart of my family (at least the Italian side, which I have spent much more time with than the other parts collectively combined (also what I identify with/as the most)). I was told I wasn't a man until I watched it, so at the ripe age of 8, I was ushered into a new world. Already a budding cinephile, this took things to another level. I've seen this film so many times over the…  
513 The Godfather is an incredible film. There isn't much else to say that hasn't been stated a multitude of times by people who write much better than me. But I have to say Marlon Brando and Al Pacino provide acting performances, which shouldn't be possible. Their dedication to the craft is a breathtaking thing to witness. Honestly, we should put their faces on Mount Rushmore instead of those loser presidents that are up there now. 
514  ==========================================Part of My Autumn Rewatches Challenge==========================================Task #6: Rewatch a film that won an Academy Award for Best Picture.This film received eleven Academy Award nominations and won three categories, including Best Leading Actor (Marlon Brando) and Best Adapted Screenplay (Mario Puzo, Francis Ford Coppola) as well as Best Picture (producer Albert S. Ruddy). I read the book before the film was released in theaters, saw it in the cinema shortly thereafter. I absolutely loved it -- even…  
515 Literally so good 
516  Tell me a movie that is more famous than this. Tell me a movie that has had more parodies spinned off its storyline than this. Tell me one movie that has been as quoted as a much as this. The answer is you can't. No movie has had as much of an impact as The Godfather has had ever since it was released.The acting was simply amazing, what else could you say. What could be more appealing to people(even…  
517 Undeniably one of the best pieces of screenplay ever made. 3 hours feels like 90 minutes.Not only is this movie perfectly structured but Al Pacino character development is electric. 
518  December 23rd, 2002: I’m 9 years old, and it’s the last day of school before Christmas break. Mom and Dad have been divorced for about 3 years at this point, and Dad had moved back to his home state of Maine 2 years prior. I’m bounding out of school looking for my moms car in the line of parents, and I hear “Hey Moe!” Moe is the nickname my Dad gave me when I was a baby, and I’m not…  
519  Birthday Challenge: 30/31Recommended by Cinephile2002letterboxd.com/cinephile472002/What more could I say about The Godfather? Winner of 3 Oscars, an influential movie in the history of Cinema, The Granddaddy of movies, A immersive movie showing the depiction of a Mafia and the tale of the Corleone family and a series of conflicts. A cast of talented people who brought it to life, including Francis Ford Coppola, Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Nino Rota, etc. I was actually excited to see…  
520 If you don’t like this movie, we can’t be friends. (Jk we can still be friends, I’m lonely) 
521 Watching the baptism scene on a big screen was truly a religious experience I felt my body levitating for 5 solid minutes 
522 THATS WHY HES THE GOAT 
523 I had a buddy who used to say if you were laying around flipping channels and you came across The Godfather, whether it was five minutes or a hundred and twenty minutes in, you may as well go ahead and watch it because there was zero chance there was anything better on any of the other channels.I can't think of a better way to explain The Godfather. You can hardly do better and it never fails to be outstanding. 
524 Iconic 
525 Stan Tom Hagen, the unproblematic king 
526 Overwhelmingly boring in comparison to Paul Blart Mall Cop 2 
527 I can't believe how much of this is just the Star Wars Prequel Trilogy. 
528  I don’t think it’s an exaggeration to say that The Godfather is the most influential piece of filmmaking of the last 50 years. (As an example, even something as far removed as Game of Thrones is in debt to the world building that was pioneered in this film.)Obviously everything works here and we’ve heard all the takes and dissected this thing to hell and back. The only thing I’ll add is that Michael’s arc is maybe the best character…  
529 young al pacino looks like he belongs in the beatles. 
530 *italian chef kiss* masterpiece 
531 It's my birthday today, so I decided to watch one of my all-time favourite films. 
532  In both preparation of watching "The Offer" on Paramount and getting married to an Italian woman next weekend, it's time to watch the Godfather series for the first time since I've been in high school. And to no surprise, its still so great.Not much to say that hasn't been said before. So many characters, so many families and yet it all flows so easily. By the time the opening wedding scene has ended, you are completely aware of all…  
533 1972 Ranking My Top 100 FilmsIt’s very unassuming but Michael’s final hug with Sonny gets me everytime. Vito taking the piss out of Johnny Fontane crying will never not be funny. Wanna know what great directing is? Sometimes it’s something as simple as pushing the camera in on Al Pacino delivering two of the finest scenes of his career. God damn it, Tessio, everyone liked you. Just business indeed. The older I get the more and more reasonable Kay seems. Carlo is a cunt. 
534  The Godfather (1972) ~ ♾️/10Lista 13/35ESPAÑOL ~ SPANISHA mis 16 años ya habré consumidos unas 600-700 películas y nunca, pero nunca me pasó lo que me pasa con The Godfather. Siempre uno al ver una película buena le puede parecer que un aspecto o hasta dos aspectos son los que sobresalen al resto, siempre creo que es así. Pero acá, no hay algo que sobresalta sobre todo con una amplia diferencia, cada uno puede tener una opinión…  
535  Summer scavenger hunt watch a movie that is in the 250 narrative features I’m really sorry guys but this wasn’t amazing but it was pretty decent. Ngl I was just really bored it was quite a slow paced movie although the acting was great and the start I loved but then it just kinda fell down for me I get why people like it but I just couldn’t get into it but if you guys haven’t seen it you might…  
536  No one's at home for a month now, hence after my work shift I can watch as many movies and series as possible.So I finally decided to watch The Godfather. Am I officially a cinephile now?Tense,taught, some of the best acting I've seen in a film, a brilliant script, cinematography, production design,editing and direction are all some of the best ever put on screen.I know how spectacular Brandon is but I just couldn't take my eyes…  
537 Al pacino is a beautiful name for a baby boy 
538 Godfather, more like midfather. Nothing about this movie stands out to me. The plot just isn’t intriguing. This a long, slow paced movie that frankly is just boring. I have no idea how someone could watch this 3 hour movie and go, “that’s one of the greatest movies of all time.” There’s nothing there. Nothing that compels me to like this movie. I know I’m in the strict minority but I don’t care.5/10 
539 A really long PSA about the dangers of oranges. 
540 One of my favorite movies & was goin 𝗘𝗫𝗧𝗥𝗔 crazy in the Dolby CenterR.I.P Marlon Brando 🖤 
541 Watching this for the 50th anniversary in a Dolby theatre was a great experience. It was a offer I simply couldn’t refuse. What more can be said about Francis Ford Coppola‘s quintessential gangster epic? Well it’s easy to see why this is a landmark film in American cinema. Marlo Brando is absolutely captivating as Don Corleone and everything the man does is iconic at this point. Mixed with the killer supporting cast especially a young future star in Al Pacino. Nino Rita’s famous score only elevates this violent tale on family and power.Endlessly imitated but one of a kind. 
542 “I’ll make him an offer he can’t refuse.”Saw this in Dolby cinemas today and I can confidently say it was one of the best experiences I’ve ever had. Once in a lifetime moment! 
543 welcome to francis ford coppola 
544 I went in here with three reasons (al pacino, to finally understand all the references in you've got mail, diane keaton) and emerged with two more (sonny corleone and robert duvall SPECIFICALLY the character of tom hagen, he is very fascinating 2 me!!!!!!!!!!!) 
545 Lesson #18 of my Winter of Classics.So that was The Godfather. Not bad. Pretty good even. 
546 It’s absolutely baffling how much better this is than the sequel. I know it’s the most obvious thing I could ever say about this movie, but boy oh boy Brando’s really good here. Also Micheal is actually entertaining in this one. And the story isn’t 3 hours of boredom. 
547 francis ford coppola: 🍊🍊🍊me:💔💔💔 
548  A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.The Godfather has been heralded as, if not the greatest, one of the best films ever made. Apparently setting a golden standard on how mobster films should be made and the movie that made Francis Ford Coppola a household name. I had very high expectations coming into this. And boy were they met. One of the first thing that struck was how natural almost everything…  
549 A masterpiece.Period. ;)10 / 10 <3 
550 my dad really be the biggest film bro out there with the main godfather theme as his ringtone 
551 This week I’ve had a craving for The Godfather. I can’t stop humming the Love Theme and so I decided I’d watch it again today. It’s such a feel-good movie, especially when Michael is renouncing Satan while having all his enemies murdered. 
552 Quickie Review It's a masterpiece of not just the crime drama genre or the epic movie sub-genre but of movies in general. Everytime I watch it, I feel fully appreciative of it. If you've seen it before, then you already know how much of a classic it is. If you haven't, then why are you still here reading this? Get to wherever you watch movies and watch it. You have no excuses! Sorry for my passion but it's THAT good. 
553  It's two o'clock in the morning here, and that means that it is officially Easter. Now, Easter has always been a big part of my family, and the holiday was always synonymous with large family gatherings.What does this have to do with The Godfather? Well, not a whole lot. But I finally picked up the Coppola restoration on BluRay and I decided that this Easter I was going to have a little marathon. I'm going to spend the holiday…  
554  The Godfather --- 1972I'm going to be honest here. When I review a movie I try to point out the positives of the film I'm watching. Point out what I like about them and what I enjoyed about them. I usually am more positive than anything else. Some are easier than others, but it's almost always doable.Having said that, The Godfather is one of the easiest reviews I'm probably going to write this year. It has great and…  
555  HAPPY 50TH ANNIVERSARY!!Das dreistündige Epos mundet noch genauso gut wie einst als ich es zum ersten Mal genossen hab und viele Male danach.Wie kulinarische Pasta mit Tomatensoße den Gaumen schmeichelt, schmeichelt dieser Film die Augen und die Sinne. Dazu eine gute Lasagne mit einem fabelhaften Chianti.Als Dessert bieten sich frische Cannoli an.Erzählkino in Formvollendung. Erstaunlich was die Verantwortlichen damals hier weggerissen haben nur um zwei Jahre später mit der Fortsetzung noch einen draufzusetzen.Ein ganz und…  
556 Peter Griffin did more damage to this film with his seminal "it insists upon itself" critique than anyone else has in half a century. I think this is the film humanity would pick if we were all told to sit still for a second and agree on a film that is good 
557  DVD Watchlist / WATCHLIST 100 Movies Scratch Off Bucket List IMDb Top 100 / Best Picture 70sFrancis Ford CoppolaMost definitely the film I was most embarrassed for having not seen (as well as Part 2); but that changed today. It brings me great joy to say I have finally watched The Godfather. (Excited to tick it off the plethora of lists I have it in, but annoyed I can’t say “I’ve never seen The Godfather” anymore). The Godfather is quite simply a masterful piece…  
558  Trilogia: "Poderoso Chefão" (01/03)PT:"Você dedica tempo à sua família? Porque um homem que não se dedica à família nunca será um homem de verdade.""Vou fazer uma proposta que ele não irá recusar.""Deixe a arma, pegue os cannolis"Um filme sobre família, máfia, vingança e cannoli.Família...essa é a palavra que resume esse filme, já no início somos apresentados a todo ambiente "familiar" dos Corleone onde essa palavra não é usada apenas para pessoas de sangue mas…  
559 An epic masterpiece with a fantastic cast, story and music.  It was high time Lou watched this one. ;) 
560 sick zootopia reference 
561  Score: 98%Loved seeing this in the cinema for the 50th anniversary for the first time (this is also my 700th film logged on Letterboxd so that's cool). I have very little to add to how amazing this is except for perhaps a hot take... Al Pacino is better than Marlon Brando in this. Brando is obviously the master, but Pacino has a weirdly fantastic energy about his performance, and he brings so much to every scene he's in. The…  
562 50th Anniversary Sacred Cow Pantheon review coming on this week's Filmspotting. (We have a lot of categories.) Subscribe here: apple.co/3Glx6mg 
563 something special about watching movies from the 70's and taking note of how everyone looks like a human person with flaws and real character to them. for a dollar, name an an a-list actor working today whose face gives you the same feelings as john cazale's, or jimmy caan's, or any number of the minor actors in this. even background characters are strangely pretty or at least inoffensive in big movies now, it's like an alternate universe where people with body hair or varying body types don't exist. anyway godfather is a nice reset for my brain 
564  I wish to give 1000 stars. Epic movie! I have always loved movies on mafia and underworld. This movie is the rarest diamond amongst all. Extremely interesting, enticing, thought provoking. What else can be the benchmark for a cinema industry. This movie cams you, makes you feel joy, makes you think of sensible uber class dealing with organized crime, way of handling situation like a game play, astounding personality representation, makes your heart pound faster, your pulse rate, sweat and…  
565  A few years back, I distinctly remember binging The Godfather Trilogy but as time passed, I forgot nearly every detail of the films. I remember exactly where, when, and how I watched all three films but I was unable to recall what actually happened in the gangster epic. I kept telling myself I would rewatch the trilogy but I never got around to it. I even got the original book by Mario Puzo to encourage myself further and the entire…  
566 more like The Goodfilm 
567 subtitles were on and off during the first minutes and let’s be honest here it’s impossible to understand anything marlon brando says without them 
568 It just gets better and better with every viewing.I've seen the word 'masterpiece' used a bit recently. This, my friends is what that looks like. Incredible. 
569  Still the one and only.. simply the greatest achievement in cinema history. I will never refuse the offer of a rewatch anywhere anytime. Fifth watch of my:#1 Favorite Movie of all time #1 Favorite Movie Performance of all time #15 Favorite Score of all Time #52 Most watched Movie of all time #1 Favorite Movie Opening of all Time Sooo it’s finally done. After working weeks on my New top 150 list and bringing it out as the 92th…  
570 Perfect.Can't wait for part 2!!!! 
571 Disillusionment In Sun-Drenched 1970s American New Wave Cinema: A Watching BriefNot bad. Bit long, though. 
572 Eine Aneinanderreihung makelloser Szenen. Die Hochzeit zu Beginn, die in wenigen Minuten einen ganzen Mikrokosmos vorstellt, dutzende Menschen und ihre Beziehungen in klaren Bildern. Das Krankenhaus. Hollywood. Die Taufe. Im Restaurant. Las Vegas. Sizilien. Beim Gemüsehändler. Tomatenstauden. 3 Stunden die sich wie 10 Minuten anfühlen. 
573 I have sexual feelings about michael corleone 
574  When general audiences are right, they're right, and ‘The Godfather’ truly deserves its status as one of the absolute greatest films ever made. This is my third time watching the trilogy, and I look forward to finally deciding whether I prefer the original or Part II. From the opening wedding scene, it felt like returning home to watch this movie once again. This particular sequence takes its time to unfold, but I love how it immerses you in their world—between…  
575 5/5A masterpiece! There are just a few movies the I saw that I consider masterpieces and this one is one of them. The acting is extraordinary, the soundtrack is majestic and the overall movie is a masterpiece.Rest in peace James Caan💔 
576 Still can’t believe Francis Ford Coppola lost best director at the Oscars for making The Godfather. What a crime 
577 I was about to thROW DOwN with the dude filming this at the cinemaLike bro what ?????? 
578 I felt like a proud big brother, when my younger brother asked me, if I wanted to watch “The Godfather” with him (he hasn´t seen it before). Of course, I would never say no to that. Fortunately, he liked the film and wants to watch more classics in the future. Personally, I have nothing new to add to the conversation. “The Godfather” is a milestone of American cinema and a masterclass in every aspect of filmmaking. 175 minutes of total immersion. I´ve already written two reviews about the movie and I don´t want to repeat myself, so check them out.First review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather/Second review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather/1/ 
579  Before I start the review, this is my 500th movie! Well... a lot of these that Letterboxd has are TV shows, shorts, etc. But I wanted to have some fun and you guys voted for this movie! Thanks to everybody who voted. Here's the review:"My father made him an offer he couldn’t refuse."The Godfather is an iconic mafia film that is often regarded as a major benchmark for cinema. So what'd I think of it?Because of my…  
580 if my friends don’t got me, at least i know that francis ford coppola’s 175 minute 1972 classic mafia film the godfather, starring al “hot” pacino as michael corleone got me. can i get an amen? 
581 “I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.“Iconic. It simultaneously warms my heart and breaks it at the same time to see John Cazale onscreen- he was my favourite actor when I was young and I wish he had gotten the chance to make more films. 
582  Having a long flight yesterday, there was no better way to burn some time than to lock in for 3 hours rewatching this absolute classic. It’s the kind of film which seems to get better and better every time you watch it, as you’ll notice a particular quote or revisit a scene you did not remember being that great the previous time. This was the case for me with the restaurant scene, where the tension was palpable as Michael Corleone…  
583 A timeless masterpiece. saddened at the length of time it took me to decide to watch this. deserves a YouTube video on its own. This may just be the film that reintroduces my love for film. Thinking I’ll watch the shining next 🤭Overall: 10/10 
584  When I first watched this when I was 11, this taught me everything about what films could be and was for the longest time, my favorite film. Over the three hour film, we see Michael Corleone transform from an at least surface level, innocent man, into a crime boss, and into the Devil incarnate himself. Michael is drawn into a destiny that pushes him deeper into his family’s business until it becomes his entire life. When we first meet him,…  
585 Finally watching this in a theatre is like seeing your favorite sports team in person for the first time 
586  Being able to hear Uncharted in IMAX next door was funny. Also fuck the two annoying old people who wouldn’t shut up the first 15 minutes next to me.Obviously idk what more words can be said about this classic, but let me say: the new restoration. Chefs kiss. Perfection. Looks like a modern movie. I have no words besides the ones I just said. I’m even more hyped to get the new 4K set coming out soon. If you…  
587  Querer hablar o escribir de esta película es físicamente imposible. Verla en el cine es emocionante, casi me largo a llorar en los créditos. Sin dudas es una experiencia unica e inigualable, ya puedo morir en paz.De este cuarto visionado aprox me llevo como habla de el paso generacional, la creacion de un mito, como el futuro quiere aplastar el pasado y como vemos con pesimismo lo que Coppola pensaba del futuro del cine. Jovenes que no respetan la…  
588 omg guys i just watched this amazing underrated indie film you’ve probably never heard of it 
589 Better late than never. One of the best films ever made. No need for a further review at this point. So much has been said for this masterpiece. 
590  I now fully understand the texture of all the Dolmio adverts. As a lifelong devotee of cinema, I found decades of excuses for swerving this epic achievement. Goodfellas knocked me for six. I followed Tony Soprano for 6 seasons. And still I didn't watch it. Is it because Peter Griffin said it "insists upon itself"?Whatever, I saw it today.After I celebrate with a bowl of spaghetti and some fist-sized meatballs, what I just watched might sink in a bit…  
591 “You’ve become the very thing you swore to destroy!”Pretty much sums this movie up lmaoFinally watched this banger film, and it didn’t disappoint for the most part!It was kind of slow and a tad disengaging for me though, so I can’t say it fully lived up to my expectations ...I like Goodfellas more too lmao 
592  Task #9: a film people have said I cant believe you've not seen that about3 and a half stars is actually a pretty high rating for me. But in the context of how highly regarded The Godfather is I can practically hear my followers spitting out their coffees in shock from overseas. So let me explain.I think this movie is rightly praised. I totally get why a lot of people wouldn't shy away from straight up calling it…  
593  Il Padrino si inserisce, a suo modo, in quel filone nostalgico largamente frequentato dai cineasti della New Hollywood, all'interno del quale si rielaborano e si rivitalizzano, secondo un linguaggio molto esplicito, distantissimo dalle precedenti convenzioni stilistiche e di contenuto, i generi classici del cinema. Il soggetto - il mondo degli immigrati dediti al crimine - è infatti già stato alla base di molti film in passato, ma grazie allo straordinario talento di Francis Ford Coppola e Mario Puzo, e alle…  
594 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   **Part of the Best Picture Project**It feels pointless writing a review of one of the most reviewed films of all time so I'll just make some notes of things I noticed with this watch of the film, along with some stuff that's always been on my mind.-It's interesting how all Corleone males die outside on what is mostly a bright clear day. Sure, Fredo is killed as the sun is coming up, but from what we see it…   
595 A classic that is almost surpassed it's by it's own cult popularity and yet it's not because it is simply one of the best films ever. The themes, the structure, the characters, the music: it's all a rapturous symphony of perfection. Brando would've been remembered for A Streetcar Named Desire or On the Waterfront, but with The Godfather, he's immortalized. Pacino delivers a powerhouse performance that should've garnered him an Oscar. The way Coppola so carefully balances everything, within pretty much a genre film, is a marvel. 
596 And my eyes see Oppenheimer…. 
597 waited until now to watch & i do not regret.PHENOMENAL 
598 Timeless. Brother needed to watch for an analyzation project in cinema class, so I said, "fuck it", another rewatch wouldn't hurt. 
599 Walter White: I don't understand. What exactly are you offering to do for me? Saul Goodman: What did Tom Hagen do for Vito Corleone? Walter: I- I'm no Vito Corleone.. Saul: no shit! Right now, you're Fredo! the fact that I finally get that reference gives me just as much joy as finally watching this masterpiece.. 
600 every smug know-it-all above the age of 50 tries so fucking hard to be Don Carleone . The godfather is to them what Emo Bruce Wayne is to 20 year old loners lolits reallly brilliant how well the charecters in this progress without it even being too explicit. Especially the way each shot with Al Pacino is directed , its brilliantly genius. 3 hours didnt feel long. cant wait to watch the sequels. Also , i want to buy myself a new suit now. thats how that left me feeling. 
601 Pretty good 
602 A surprisingly slow burn for such a widely loved film. The biggest strength in my opinion are the palpable characters that are fleshed out by little gestures, like Michael's calm hands outside the hospital. It tells a rich story about the corruption of the American Dream and the human condition in general. 
603 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   ”That, I cannot do.”The most iconic characters. The most iconic score. The most iconic scenes. The most iconic lines.”Someday, and that day may never come, I may ask you to do a service for me.”Yeah I'm bout to fill the review with quotes. I just love this goddamn movie so much, it had to be my final watch for 2018.”I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.”There's a reason this is the best reviewed…   
604 Not even slightly overrated- the definition of solid 
605  I was scared of going into this knowing that I don't enjoy gangster movies as much as others, but being one of the most famous movies of all time with some of the best ratings, I really hoped this would be a perfect film for me. Sadly it wasn't. The Godfather had some outstanding acting perormances and with some of the best music I've heard, but the story simply wasn't for me. I am not saying this was a bad movies by…  
606  Earlier today I was talking to my oldest brother, and I mentioned how during a conversation with our other brother we both thought it was funny how neither of us, despite having a fair bit of Italian blood in our family, have seen The Godfather. I, for some reason, assumed he too had never seen The Godfather, how wrong I was. My brother stopped eating his Italian ice (the irony is only now hitting me), and proceeded to look at…  
607 i skipped school and went to paul’s flat to watch all of the godfathers so nostalgic and so great 
608 Most boring thing I’ve ever watched. No I will not elaborate or apologize 
609 The Godfather is an amazing movie, in storytelling, acting and direction. A timeless classic that simply holds up in every single way. 
610 Been about 10 years since I’ve gotten to sit down with the Corelones (and inspired by James Can’s passing) and after THE OFFER series and reading KEEP THE GUN, TAKE THE CANOLI book it was an enriching screening knowing all the inside info. A bonafide cinematic masterpiece that feels old-fashioned and still ahead of it’s time that gets tastier every time I watch it. Also, it’s a GREAT viewing when paired with Italian food and red wine. 
611  To be completely honest, there’s nothing new I can add to the discourse on The Godfather. Maybe the greatest film of all time? It’s certainly in my Top 20 favorite films ever. It’s amazing. For a film that just turned 50 years old, not only does it still hold up, each time I watch this film I find myself shockingly compelled for nearly 3 hours. With this rewatch I don’t even think I grabbed my phone or checked the time.…  
612 the way the feminism leaves my body every time i see michael corleone 
613  Versão remasterizada na tela do Cinema em comemoração aos 50 anos. Impressionou muito como o drama é desenvolvido através da iluminação (o jogo entre sombras e luzes e como os personagens são enquadrados dentro disso). As transições por meio das sobreposições são muito impactantes visualmente para o contar da história. O corte do rosto do Vito Corlelone fechando o olho deitado na cama para a paisagem aberta na Itália não vai sair da minha da minha cabeça tão cedo. Em…  
614 Sure was a fitting rewatch to do after reading Batman The Long Halloween. 
615  Aged like fine wine!!!When I first watched godfather I thought it was pretty overrated I think I had it at like a 3.5/5 and didn’t get what all the fuss was about, I didn’t really care about the story and I thought it was surprisingly rushed even though it also felt slow paced, I wasn’t a fan.On my rewatch I loved it, I was mesmerised by the rich story and undertones and I loved a lot of the…  
616  You know that feeling when you get completely absorbed by a movie and almost forget everything around you? Seeing this masterpiece in theaters was just like that, and I can believe I got to experience one of the best movies ever made on the big screen.I loved this film before, but there's something about the experience that made the whole thing even better. The restoration is fantastic, it loses the weird yellow filter, and the shadows and the darkness…  
617 For any of you who haven't heard of this movie, The Godfather is actually a pretty decent flick. 
618  Al filiiin. Mi primera vez viendo El Padrino y no será la última.Ya desde la primer escena donde presentan a Don Vito Corleone, vez esta imponencia y este honor y la actuación tan magistral de Marlon Brando en su mejor papel hace que el personaje sea mejor y más creíble todavía...ya con solo esta escena ya te das cuenta que estás viendo una obra maestra, pero es que toda la película es perfecta, en historia, guión dirección, actuaciones, cada…  
619 i would like to personally thank francis ford coppola for inventing italian mafia and 70’s al pacino for inventing sexiness. 
620 The colour on Blu-Ray is absolutely exquisite. A film that has never lost it's class 
621 Can’t believe they made a movie based off the quotes my dad says in a funny voice. 
622  “Tell me, do you spend time with your family?”“Sure I do.”“Good. Because a man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man.”Mamma Mia, that’s-a-spicy movie!I’m a fraud no more: I can say that I’ve watched The Godfather, which is revered by so many to be the greatest movie of all-time. And I totally see why, as I’m currently still recovering from this visceral, masterfully-crafted film. Will be queueing up Part II some…  
623  Seen in TheatersA beautifully violent, almost poetic, look at the decay of American morality in the 20th Century, Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather was a film that was long overdue for a rewatch. Luckily, this time came in a theater and seeing it on a big screen. As with any rewatch, knowing the plot helps one to really focus in on the little intricacies that are missed in an initial viewing. Here, the part that left me awed was…  
624 M A S T E R P I E C E. I wasn't watching at all. I was EXPERIENCING. The Godfather seemed like an extremely luscious supper bursting with flavours that was chewed gloriously well for me by the gods (but not gross). 
625 A wedding; a horse's head; a dinner; a toll; one baptism; a father and his family. And here we have the first part of the biggest cinematic masterpiece ever made! Not just a mafia and crime story, but a modern epic about love, loyalty, la famiglia! 
626  By this point it is a cliche to label this film as the best movie of all time. if it's true is besides the point but am I the only one feeling that movies like this aren't made anymore? which is another cliche statement in of itself. The scale, size and honesty that we see in this film is nothing less than astonishing. There are numerous incredible details from the performances and dialogue but most importantly in the portrayal of…  
627  One of the most revered films in the history of cinema, a tour de force of modern writing and filmmaking, The Godfather is a staple of American cinema, still as impactful as it was when it was first released in 1972, and still as artistically refined and influential.The Godfather is a piece of filmmaking full of character, grounded by the stellar and exquisite performances by some of the greatest actors of all time. Al Pacino is strong in the…  
628 really hate that this movie is actually so fucking good because it just proves filmbros are right for once 
629  So. I’ve officially seen ONE THOUSAND MOVIES! Does this mean I’m officially a cinephile now? Well that sucks. Oh wellAnyways theres really not much I could say about THE GODFATHER. My thoughts are that it’s really, really awesome. That opening scene is amazing, and so are a lot of other parts. I think it’s a fantasticly crafted film, with unbelievable performances and incredible story. Goodfellas better tho 9/10 - Best Picture RankingAnyways there are a lot of people I want…  
630 genç al pacino da erik gibiymiş kütür kütür 
631  This review may contain spoilers!The Godfather is another one of those (very) highly regarded films that until now I hadn't seen all the way through. About 6 or 7 years ago, I saw the first 20 or so minutes of The Godfather but with it being on really late and it being a school night, I had to abandon ship. I've always intended to giving it another go but had never really had the time. The Godfather is a…  
632 I've watched this movie almost every year since I was 15 years old.I just can't get into it. 
633 طبعاً كلنا عارفين بنعمل إيه لما بنحس بملل وزهق وفقدان شغف في الحياه صح؟بالظبط. بنعمل ريوتش (حقيقي معرفش رقم كام، بس أنا بقالي 11 سنة بتفرج عليه كل شوية) للجادفازر ونتوهم للمرة المليون بكل تفصيلة فيه ويعلمنا حاجة جديدة في السينما في كل مرة. 
634 Full review here.Not like it's something we don't already know, but The Godfather rules.I don't know what else there is to say that hasn't already been said, but this is just pristine in every sense of the word. 
635  The best? the one? The only ?  the greatest movie of all time! That’s the offer you can’t refuse!Fourth time and still the most perfect film I’ve ever seen and maybe I will seen.. The last man who can do it better is maybe Tarkovsky but I will see in my January marathon of him..I’m  very hyped. All is said about the movie but here are my notes to my favorite and I think the best movie ever made. …  
636  It's a tough film to tackle with such a lofty reputation, loaded with immaculate reviews and an almost untouchable status. The type of film you are supposed to laud no matter what. That said, I didn't go into it with unrealistic expectations and oddly I do remember watching the sequel about twenty years ago and being a big fan.It is hard to ignore the lengthy runtime and the lack of justification for it, given the time wasted on meaningless…  
637  The Godfather (1972) ~ 10/10ESPAÑOL ~ SPANISHMi favorita película podría ser El padrino 1 y por un millón de razones, ya e hecho un millón de críticas sobre esta película, he hablado de cada escena a lo largo de la película que me encantó (por lo cual hablé de literalmente toda la película, porque no hay secuencia que no me guste, sino todo lo contrario). Absolutamente toda la película me parece una obra maestra, auténtica y única en su…  
638 One word review:Masterpiece.One word is enough.Added to: My 5 Stars List 
639 ordering a michael corleone poster as we speak 
640  What’s left to say that hasn’t already been said about one of the greatest—if not the greatest—motion pictures of all time? I’ll instead offer a personal thank you to The Godfather. Thank you, Godfather, for initiating me into the world of cinema. You are the first film I remember seeing. My parents took me, as a 3-year-old, to see you at our local Drive-In. Guess they couldn’t find a babysitter. Likely, they just figured I’d sleep through you. But apparently…  
641 Initially, I was going to write a long-winded review about one of the best films ever made. I was going to mention the color orange, talk about the sudden violence, Brando's performance, etc, but then I realized...... far better reviewers than me have said all that can be said on the subject.So take some time to read a couple of in-depth reviews of The Godfather and gain even further insight into this masterful film. 
642 michael corleone nepo baby 
643 WHEN YOU GET TO WATCH THIS MASTERPIECE IN A THEATER NEAR YOU 
644 no offense but B O R I N G and every gen X businessman needs to stop basing his entire career goals around this vibe. they literally say 'bada bing bada boom' in this film. not to get political but is this how men feel when women talk about Mean Girls? 
645 cavalgava no michael até dizer chega 
646 95I laughed uncontrollably at the horse scene because I remembered the reference from the moment when Homer gifted a pony to Lisa. Then I realized that every single scene in this movie is somehow referenced in The Simpsons and I struggled to not think about it during the entire runtime 
647 It’s a Sicilian message. It means Letterboxd sleeps with the fishes. Seeing Michael renounce Satan on the big screen is one of the best moviegoing experiences I’ve had. 
648 "Is that the guy from Jack and Jill? 
649  ...What have I ever done to make you treat me so disrespectfully?_Anoche llegué a mi casa después de haber cruzado la ciudad para ver el reestreno en el único teatro con un horario decente, y déjenme decirles que valió totalmente la pena; se sentía la devoción colectiva hacia la obra de Coppola. Tod@s sabíamos exactamente lo que pasaría, pero guardamos silencio y nos maravillamos como si fuera 1972.Desde que sonaba el tema principal y Bonasera pronunciaba el…  
650 michael corleone in that baptism scene *plays religion by lana del rey  
651 toxic masculinityi aşmış bi godfather 
652 i cooka da meatball 
653 Al Pacino hot 
654 personally i always thought he was holding a chicken on the poster 
655 make them good boys go bad 😌✨💗🌈 michael, i'm single 
656 yes i'm watching this again. comparing michael's attitude and composure of the first time we see him at his sister's wedding to the baptism scene is so astounding. the way al speaks during the baptism scene, how you know his mind is elsewhere– thinking about the murders he's called for– god it's just SO GOOD. also obsessed with the cross dissolves 
657 this film is overhyped for a reason. the score, set design, acting, costumes, and everything about this film is *chef's kiss*i also love the fact that marlon brando refused his oscar award for best actor in this film and boycotted the ceremony in protest of hollywood's portrayal of native americans. we love a woke king.now everyone say thank you al pacino 
658 Last time I watched this was freshman year of high school 6 years ago and I really didn’t like this movie.What the fuck was wrong with 2013 Ryan 
659  As his daughter's wedding celebration goes on outside, Don Vito Corleone is in his office meeting with petitioners who ask favors of him. One of them is Bonasera, who asks the Godfather to avenge his daughter's honor after she went in a car with two men who maybe raped her. The cops won't do anything, so Don Vito is Bonasera's last chance. And that rankles the Godfather, who asks Bonasera why he didn't come to him in the first place,…  
660  I'm not sure how many times I've seen "The Godfather" since its release in 1972 (which I remember vividly, having stood in line longer than I ever had to for a film up until that time), but it seems like every time I rewatch it's still an amazing and singular experience. It's simultaneously an impeccably-written and beautifully-scored drama, a superb character study in which even the smallest characters ring true, a breathtaking schooling in color cinematography, and overall a remarkable…  
661  Original Title: The GodfatherYear of Release: 1972Genres: Crime; Historical DramaDirector: Francis Ford CoppolaWriters: Mario Puzo, Francis Ford CoppolaMain Cast: Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Richard S. Castellano, Robert Duvall, Sterling Hayden, John Marley, Richard Conte, Al Lettieri, Diane Keaton, Abe Vigoda, Talia Shire, Gianni Russo, John Cazale, Rudy Bond, Al MartinoThere are good films. There are great films. There are fantastic films. And then, there is The Godfather, one of the very few…  
662  I could not get Klute out of my mind while watching this. Gordon Willis, you goddamn genius of pinched compositions and paranoid corridors in the Big City—even though, ultimately, Klute is more interesting and interested in the psychology of its protagonists stuck in scummy real-world (big city walking alone at 3 a.m.) spaces, while Godfather excels at such a high mythic level that it only passingly evokes the down-and-dirty surfaces of Klute (viz., the cut from beautiful, pristine, rural Sicily…  
663 98"I'll make him an offer that he can't refuse" The Godfather passionately weaves together an intriguing central character study along with slow, yet assured direction and a confident attention to detail and world building to compliment its moody atmosphere and score over a 3 hour span that has all the hallmarks of an epic and nothing less. P.S.: The opening scene. The baptism contrast scene. The ending scene. Oh my. P.S.S.: So that was 3 hours???! 
664 han han, finally dekh li 
665 i feel like i could do a great impression of vito 
666  Finally got rid of easily one of my biggest cinematic blindspots to date. It’s also near impossible to not have fairly high expectations for this due to its immense acclaim. This is what some I think would refer to as “perfect” filmmaking between its performances, cinematography, composition etc. and there is a lot to admire in those respective departments. From a visual standpoint I actually preferred the portions in Italy, it drew me into the story more and the terrain…  
667 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I tried watching this a couple of years ago and could only get through about an hour of it because it was so slow. This time, I thankfully had more luck with it. It has more funny moments than I remembered, and I thought that this could maybe be a 5-star film based on the first part. However, the film really dragged for me at some points. #FUCKBARZINI  
668 Without a doubt, The Godfather is one of the most vital classic films ever made. Not only is it a towering, masterful cinematic achievement, but it also broke new ground for American cinema, ushering in a whole new wave of influential directors and screenwriters. There was truly nothing like it back then, and there still isn’t anything quite like it now. However, I would be lying if I said—and some of the following statements may be pretty controversial, so just try and stay with me here—it didn’t take me a little while to really love it.Full review: boardsofcinema.com/2020/07/02/movie-review-the-godfather/ 
669 "Leave the gun. Take the cannoli."and that, ladies and gentlemen, is what you call PRIORITY. 
670 one taught me love 
671 MICHAEL 😳                FRANCIS 😫                                RIZZI 😨DO YOU RENOUNCE SATAN? 🤔                      I DO RENOUNCE HIM 😤👌💯 
672  The way it opens with an unfazed kitty purring in the lap of the intimidating Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando). The way he thinks without sharing his thoughts. How he lightly slaps the face of a little boy — like a blessing — on his way to the first dance with his newlywed daughter. How his left hand isn't resting on her waist as they dance, ‘cause she’s only half his now. How his wife (Morgana King) has a hint of…  
673 Masterpiece. 
674 “Oh, I need this.”(my sister 0.2 seconds after the theme starts)happy birthday to my best friend with the best taste!!! 
675  I wasn’t allowed to watch R rated movies til I was 13 and one the first R rated movies I chose to watch when I was of age was The Godfather. My first knowledge of The Godfather was years earlier when the Rugrats spoofed the movie in The Rugrats Movie. And I had wanted to see The Godftaher ever since, but had to wait til I was 13. Watching it for the first time at 13, I felt like I didn’t…  
676  i realize this is very annoying to admit but my main takeaway is a very smug vindication: that in spite of the prestige and acclaim, in spite of the Self Insisting majesty that covers the whole thing, in spite of the inevitable backlash that its too boring and stuffy, that the thrills and emotions of the godfather are based in pure pulp. a borderline soap operatic series of intricate relationships and duties and betrayals and bursts of violence, delivered in…  
677 After 9 episodes of "The Offer" how could I refuse.Still a classic 
678 The Godfather is like the fine wine Vito Corleone is drinking, it only gets better with age. Even more impressive on the big screen 
679 One of a kind EXPERIENCEHappy 50 Anniversary 
680 With DadSeriously who the fuck thinks that Marlon Brando is a bad actor? The final scene alone solidifies his greatness. The 4K restoration was so good. I would like to see Part II in the same capacity. No distractions, just gangsters wacking people. 
681  What to say that hasn't already been said about the Godfather. This is my third time watching and it gets better every time. It's a revolutionary film that is one of the few I've never seen anyone call bad. Overrated? Sure but no one can deny just how incredible this film is. Also, seeing it in cinemas was a great experience. It's one of the most beautiful films visually and the fact that it was made in 1972 with very…  
682  The Godfather 50 Years at AMC TheatresI wonder what the iconic American drama was before The Godfather. What was that groundbreaking hit that provoked average moviegoers to revisit it multiple times, quote it constantly, and then teach their grandchildren to do the same?I believe my grandma would say Casablanca. Typical published movie critics would point to Citizen Kane, and optimists might cheer for It’s a Wonderful Life.Maybe it’s the darker mafioso component that puts The Godfather on…  
683 “A man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man.” - Don Corleone.Immersive and otherworldly experience seeing this on the big screen celebrating its 50th anniversary. As for the movie itself, it’s still a peerless masterpiece. Marlon Brandon gave me chills all over again every time he was on-screen. Surely, one of the greatest, faultless performances the world of filmmaking has ever seen. The Godfather is not only a landmark for American cinema, but a superb adaptation that surpasses the source material in every way. I’ve yet to see a better written film with quite this finesse and power. 
684 god i love succsssion 
685 I just watched what is considered to be the best movie ever made. What am I even supposed to say? My dad was right, IT IS PHENOMENAL 
686 if michael corleone kills me do not prosecute him 
687 5th time and this is still the most mesmerizing film I’ve ever seen. Entirely engrossing, tense, and elegantly shot and performed. There truly is nothing else like this.I think it’s about damn time I watched part 2 
688 "Leave the gun. Take the cannoli." — Peter ClemenzaI feel like Michael: I'm going down a dark and dangerous path that I can not escape.Me: "Oh my, god, father. I don't get the hype. Why is this film so highly respected?"My dad: "Listen, son, I'm gonna make you an offer you can't refuse."My mum: "Look at how he massacred my boy..."SCORE: 7/10 
689 After the Double Life of Veronique, the Godfather has the best lighting ever, and that is an indisputable fact 🐈🍊⛪What else can I say other than that the way the intellect of each character escalates distinctively through each chapter of the film is an incomparable craft of character development. It is a delightful spectacle to observe how cold-headed and clever Michael's moves get as he gains protagonism and control at the same time. It's a masterpiece what else could I ever say. 
690 do you renounce satan?i do renounce himand all his works?i do renounce themunparalleled, unrivalled, unbeaten 
691  I love it to death, but it still would’ve been better if it were *sigh* a longer movie; you can totally tell that The Godfather is an adaptation of a book that covers a ton of events that the film simply doesn’t have time to flesh out seamlessly. So yeah, you heard me! Three hours ain’t enough, pal! Yes, The Godfather is one of those rare movies where almost every character has a standout performance. Yes, The Godfather is one…  
692 people telling al pacino how beautiful he is the entire runtime....i think screenplays really peaked there, i think that’s poetic 
693  Here we are, the magnum opus of cinema, some say, and I can certainly see why, it’s an accepted fact that this movie is objectively perfect, and unless you’re Seth macfarlane, then you love it as well, and of course I love it, but there are 5 films above it, at least in my opinion, I guess I should explain why I think that way.Pretty much every scene in this movie is iconic and perfect, and there a ton…  
694 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die #16The Godfather(rewatch) Dir.Francis Ford CoppolaYes it's still a masterpiece.You already know how good it is.The writing,the cinematography,the acting,the music,the editing,the costume and production design are flawless.Brando's perfomance alone deserves 10 stars. 
695 Das Wort gebührt meinen Vorrednern. 
696 so disappointed at myself for having taken so long to sit down and finally start watching the godfather. but, it makes sense why it’s highly recommended and hyped up by everyone! i am no longer a godfather virgin. every minute was worth it*send kisses to the sky* to sonny, i love you and you didn’t deserve that 
697 A film you just CAN'T refuse to see at least once in your life! 
698 i was a lot more invested in this than i originally thought i'd be and it was really good and all but i'm just gonna come out and admit that i had the wikipedia tab for this film open at all times because i could NOT tell all the white men apart 
699 I would die for Tom Hagen 
700  "(…With The Godfather, director Francis Ford Copolla established a lucid & determined aesthetic for crime cinema, creating a work that has proved to be a hallmark not just of the genre, but of film in general. Its sprawling, grandiose set-pieces and effortlessly tangible atmosphere transport the viewer to another age, providing a compelling insight into the lives of 1940-50s Italian crime families. The flawless usage of period settings, costumes and characters coupled with meticulously crafted set design and extraordinary acting performances…  
701  O melhor filme americano já produzido...Quando eu penso em uma história bem conduzida, bem montada, bem atuada e, principalmente, bem trabalhada, O Poderoso Chefão é, obviamente, o primeiro que me vem a mente, e isso não é injusto de maneira alguma.Em toda a história do audiovisual, nunca existiu (ou veio a existir) uma obra que constrói uma narrativa tão intrigante e metódica quanto esse clássico de 1972. Nos primeiros 20 minutos, Francis Ford Coppola já deixa o espectador…  
702  - "Where's Michael?"My thoughts exactly, Vito. Where's the goat?The first time I watched the Godfather I nearly fell asleep by the end. Not out of boredom, but because I hadn't slept in 30 hours, and despite that I thought against my need for slumber due to my complete enthrallment. I needed to see if Michael would say "Yes." or "No." in that final scene. I don’t understand how modern consensus is this is a boring or pretentious high…  
703 Have they ever considered maybe turning the lights on? 
704  I did not care for The Godfather. Did not care for The Godfather. Didn't like it. Fine actors. Did not like the movie. Couldn't get into it. It insists upon itself. It insists upon itself. It takes forever getting in, and then you spend-- you spend like six and a half hours and then-- You know I can't even get through. I can't even finish the movie. I've never even seen the ending. I have tried on three separate occasions…  
705  I haven't seen The Godfather in nearly two years, and today I randomly put it on like it was nothing. But it's The Godfather. I started it with the intention of turning it off due to its length and how late it was, but since my dad sat down and began watching it, I proceeded to watch the rest of the film not knowing I had already seen an hour. To many, movies don't get better than this, and yeah,…  
706 I won’t have anything to say about this film that hasn’t been said before. With that being said, the characters in here are great, the cinematography is amazing, there’s iconic quotes, the plot is very interesting, and the performances by the cast are perfect. 
707  There’s just something about this movie, some small unnamed thing, that just won’t fully click with me. There’s a lot to love about The Godfather. It is a revolutionary piece of cinema, and I do not say that lightly. The arcs, the dialogue, the structure, the filmmaking, are all so intricately done and so impressively cinematic that when people call it “a masterpiece” and “the greatest film of all time”, it’s hard for me to disagree. Unfortunately, I just don’t see…  
708 First time seeing The Godfather in a movie theater. God bless The Screening Room. 
709  First time seeing the film since I was fourteen, so it's been fifteen years, maybe sixteen, not sure. Pretty fascinating watch considering I only remembered around fifteen minutes worth of the entire three hour run time. I probably wouldn't put the film in my top twenty, but it's hard to pretend that it doesn't fully earn its place in film history and that it isn't highly considered for a very good reason.There are parts in the film I really…  
710 Well shit, that was fucking amazing. This film truly is a masterpiece. I always thought it was all about Italian gangsters and shootings with nothing over the top. How wrong I was. After years of hearing how great The Godfather is my expectations were really high, but holy shit it lives up to them, just brilliant.Also I gotta say, im in love with the editing and composition of this whole film, sosososo goooood. 
711  Francis Ford Coppola’s sprawling crime saga is the definitive movie about taking over the family business because it elegantly builds off of nearly-universal truths about both family and business from a hyper-masculinized perspective. It fixates on the anxiety of unavoidably becoming your own father, the fear of letting down your family by forging your own path, the transformatively healing effect of reconnecting with your roots, and the cutthroat selfishness necessary to maintain power. And by repeatedly insisting on the distinction between…  
712  Something that always stuck out to me about this film is how it uses children throughout the course of its narrative. At different points, years fly by within the matter of minutes and the child characters (who are mostly reserved for the background) are used to confirm the film's time jumps and temporal ellipses. The film begins on the day of Connie Corleone-Rizzi's wedding, or in other words, traditionally speaking, the day a child becomes a woman as she is…  
713 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "Is it true?""No."Organized crime unfurls into an unorganized, rampant, violent mess, only to be cleaned up, baptized with blood by the innocent, now guilty. The tragedy at the heart of The Godfather really doesn't strike until that final, masterful shot. It's a deeply elegiac, utterly devastating moment that tends to get glanced over by those too willing to label the film as a glorification of crime. The murder of Carlo, in principle, gels with the moral code of…   
714 Rewatching the godfather films because I really wanted to, and I always forget how powerful the death scenes really are. If you rarely watch this, it surprises you with each new viewing due to how masterfully this was put together. Also, part of the reason I wanted to watch this film is because I'm starting film school this fall and one of the professors was the co-producer of these films and a close friend of Coppola's. 
715 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “Não quero que a mãe dele o veja assim... olhe como massacraram o meu menino…”É tudo o que dizem.Confesso que estava esperando o momento certo para ver o maior filme da história do cinema, não é uma experiência simples, é um material rico e majestoso, que carrega técnicas setentistas que afastam um novo público, então, era necessário toda uma preparação para chegarmos até esse momento, e mesmo admirando muito a obra, ainda nem consegui captar tudo de tantas…   
716 Do you think this movie would be more or less remembered if it had kept in the subplot from the book about Sonny's secret lover Lucy Mancini and her enormous vagina that only Sonny and his oversized manhood could satisfy, to the point where after Sonny is no longer in the picture she begins dating doctor who performs a surgery to "put in some real tight walls" so that he can finally satisfy her the way Sonny did. 
717 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   i officially lost my godfather virginity.i loved every single thing about this. some would call it “too long”, but if a 3 hour film can keep me entertained & invested then who cares? i’m a lover of long films. i feel that they give the audience an opportunity to get used to the characters & atmosphere of it. as a person who loves to spend every second i can, learning about a character, i would never call this boring. i love…   
718 “leave the gun, take the cannoli” 
719 spaghetti meatball mario mafia rigatoni gelato cannoli pinocchio fettuccine carmine falcone luigi pizza ciao papa mio papa mamma mia pepperoni salvatore maroni alfredo ravioli ravioli give me the formuoli 
720 I now understand why my dad talked about this movie so much when I was growing up. He named our dog growing up after Fredo. I named my dog after a character from New Girl. He must think I’m such a disappointment. 
721 Best character arc of all time 
722  Okay so I'm sort of conflicted with The Godfather. The term gets thrown around a lot, but the majority of film fans agree it's a masterpiece. And from a technical standpoint, I agree. The cinematography, Marlon Brando's performance, the editing (especially in the baptism scene), the unwasted violence, Al Pacino's equally brilliant performance, the themes of family, revenge, hatred and love, and the whole story of it being a man's descent into cold-blooded monstrosity. All of that is great and…  
723 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  i wouldn’t mind being blown up by a car bomb if it meant i got to be 70s al pacino’s wife for a bit  
724 that baptism scene. no other crime movie scene will ever beat it. 
725 I don't care what anyone else says, I like it. 
726 This has become a year tradition for me every new day I watch this masterpiece. There not much to be said about it because it’s all been said. Every year I get excited to watch this film and the second one and it has never disappointed one bit and I don’t think I will ever get bored of it. 
727 mama mia! 
728  BLINDSPOT ADDRESSED.I can see where The Godfather is iconic. There's not much more I can add, other than some of my own observations. I've stated before that I'm not into mob-themed movies, but some takeaways here made me see it as much more than just that.I'm sure I'm not alone, but I thoroughly loved Michael's (Al Pacino) arc from a reluctant part of the family to grappling with identity to being the Don with all the power. That's…  
729 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  did michael corleone effectively show girl power when he assassinated the other mafia dons  
730 michael corleone and kendall roy would be best friends if they knew each other. i just know it. 
731  Es una película inabarcable. Son infinitos los matices y las lecturas posibles. Siempre hay algo nuevo para descubrir. ¿Es una película sobre los valores de la familia? Sí ¿Es una película sobre el paso de antorcha de una generación a otra? Claro ¿Es una película sobre la lealtad? Por supuesto ¿Es una película sobre el supuesto hombre recto que se corrompe en la primera instancia? También. Y ni hablar sobre la crítica a la sangre joven que parece llevarse el…  
732  Francis Ford Coppola’s Oscar-winning violent epic drama stars Marlon Brando as the head of a Mafia family engaged in all-out war with rival crime clans. Also starring Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall and Diane Keaton. Widely considered to be one of the best movies of all time, this gangster drama, adapted from Mario Puzo’s novel of the same name, which was published three years earlier, concentrates on the commanding Italian-American crime family of Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando). When…  
733 "Leave the gun, take the cannoli." 
734  Film #2 of the 100 Degrees, 100 Movies ChallengeCommon actor from previous film: Marlon BrandoPREVIOUS FILM: Apocalypse NowNEXT FILM: The Godfather: Part IIThe Godfather is the movie with the highest average rating on Letterboxd and is also a movie I had never seen before, which is weird. I love mafia stories and I love good movies, so this should be a natural fit, right? Hell yeah it is!This might just be the closest thing to…  
735 What day and time can I catch Clemenza's Italian cooking show on The Food Network? 
736 I was tired while watching this, therefore I could not give it the full 5 stars it (probably) deserves. Please forgive me. Don't whack me. Thanks.Also, a very disappointing 4K - the base transfer seems good detail-wise (can't speak for the color grading), but the film grain was weirdly following the movements of all the actors, and some shots seemed to be DNRed. Haven't seen compression / encoding issues this bad before. 
737  So I’ve never actually seen The Godfather. The 50th anniversary rerelease seemed like a good time to rectify that. I obviously knew bits and pieces just from cultural osmosis, but I was surprised at how little of the plot had actually been spoiled for me. I was genuinely surprised at multiple points. With a film this big, everything clever has already been said, so I’m not going to go too deep. I loved how engaging it was, and how none…  
738 Imagine not wanting to be married to a guy who does crimes lmao grow up crime is awesome 
739 Cinema peaked at the montage of death during the baptism. 
740  The film starts on Bonasera’s face, visibly in despair. As the camera slowly zooms away, he recounts how his beloved daughter was beaten to within an inch of her life and that her assailants didn’t spend one single day in jail for their crime. By the time he has reached the end of his story, he is begging for the help of the man whose head has now entered the frame. He has listened attentively, sitting on the proverbial throne…  
741 top 30 favorites: boxd.it/aLi70this is my 30th favorite film of all time and it's the last one on my list! thank you all for commenting and liking my reviews throughout this short time, i enjoyed reviewing my 30 favorite movies and it may surprise you guys but i actually haven't rewatched them, i just made reviews for them, i WOULD have liked to rewatch them but i don't have enough time. anyway...i love all of these films and i love you guys.btw this movie is great. 
742 women need to steal this masterpiece from the filmbros bc michael corleone looks like he gets pegged 
743 There is no question, this is the best movie I’ve seen. I’ve spent so long waiting to watch this film. I love Marlon Brando’s performance. I’ve never been so attentive watching a 3 hour movie before. The plot was written so well that it stands the test of over 50 years now. The Godfather is obviously an all time classic, I have yet to see Goodfellas, so it’ll be interesting to see which I prefer but the bottom line is clear, if you haven’t seen The Godfather, go watch it! It is a masterpiece. 
744 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  After everything that's happened, which are the brutality of a corrupt police man, an attempted murder on his loving father, murders of his true love and earlier his brother, no wonder Michael has lost his soul.The scene where Michael tells Carlo that now everyone's dead reminds me now so much of that scene when Gus tells Hector that he killed everyone in his family.  
745 "Fredo, you’re my older brother, and I love you. But don’t ever take sides with anyone against the family again. Ever."my father still gets confused when i tell him this is not in my letterboxd four. he acts like if i just told him its the worst movie i’ve ever seen. 
746 Finally got around to seeing this one and you all already know it's great. Thing is though, I've heard so many impressions of Marlon Brando's performance that hearing him in this one sounds like an impression too. It's that iconic.The Best Movies List 
747 watching the movie isn’t enough, i need to have a passionate love affair with michael corleone. 
748  A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man. -Vito Corleone The Godfather is the first serious film I remember watching multiple times with my family replacing the likes of E.T., The Goonies and Ghostbusters. It’s also the first film I remember having conversations with Mom about film characters. Not the performances, but character motivations, arcs, ect. Mom wouldn’t actually use the words “character arc”, but I always remembered how she loved to talk…  
749 Stupid me back in 2016 thought that this is just an okay film 🥲 
750 this is exactly what being president of a student organization at uf is like 
751 Wenn man auch beim x-ten Mal in diversen Szenen immer noch Hühnerhaut bekommt, dann sagt das einiges aus. Diese Performance von Marlon Brando! Dieser Score! Schön auch, dass die Serie nun in 4k vorliegt. Ich hab zwar "nur" die Itunes Fassung aber da kann man echt nicht klagen.Ein Film für die Ewigkeit. 
752 Luca Brasi reciting his lines before meeting the Don is what I look like before recording on 70mm. 
753  The Godfather, what can I remark that hasn't already been said? This violent, sprawling epic stands the testament of time as a true masterpiece of art and arguably the most defining paragon of filmmaking in the history of the medium. Francis Ford Coppola's spellbinding direction, Marlon Brando delivering the greatest acting performance in history marvelously complemented by Al Pacino, Robert Duvall and James Caan; Gordon Willis' groundbreaking cinematography and Nino Rota's iconic score together deliver what can only be called…  
754 I always hesitate to watch Classic films that I already know will be great because I have this mentality that if I watch them I would have none left to look forward to. Anyway, I'm glad I finally got to this because it was great but I don't have much to say that hasn't been said already. It's The Godfather. 
755 اجمل هديه اقدمها لنفسي في يوم ميلادي هي اعادة مشاهدتي لأعظم فيلم صُنع في التاريخ ♥️ 
756 There’s a reason this is considered the greatest film of all time. Somehow when I first watched it I wasn’t overly impressed when judging by it’s hype. But every time I rewatched it I manage to find new things I love about it. And after watching the cine-files podcast on the film it’s helped me appreciate it even more. Perfect cast, perfect direction, perfect writing, perfect score, perfect pacing. It’s the greatest ever. Not my favourite ever but definitely the greatest. Self proclaimed film enthusiasts who don’t like this film don’t deserve to call them selves fans of film. 
757  52 Years In 52 Weeks: 2021 Edition9. 1972-----------------------------------------------------------------------------There is always that nagging worry in the back of my head when I watch a critically acclaimed movie, that if I don't like this I will look like an uneducated slack jaw. Lucky for me that this was actually good.So basically Marlon Brando is a maffia boss with a funny voice who tries to keep his cool as the ravages of time (and scary men with guns) slowly…  
758 As close to flawless as any film could ever be 
759  the thing i need to mention first about The Godfather is the brilliant score. i always loved the theme song, i'm a classically trained orchestra member for more than 10 years now and i was always familiar with the song but it hits way harder now that i actually watched the film. wonderfully harmonious.the pacing was really slow in the beginning but it's impressive how well it picked itself up. it was much more enjoyable than i thought it…  
760 imma say it. while i appreciate the technicalities of the film like the cinematography, the direction, the writing, etc., i was SOOOOOOOOO bored!!! 
761 i love my 5’2 gangster husband 
762 i checked again and it’s still a masterpiece ! 
763 young al pacino could lowkey get it 😳 
764 one of my fave parts was when someone started crying and instead of a tissue someone offscreen just silently hands them a drink and yup that’s how we’re going into 2020! 
765 I don’t think there’s anything else I can add that hasn’t already been said. 
766 How many actors became stars from being able to hold a static closeup of just sitting there and thinking? Pacino does it and it's so goddamn powerful it becomes a motif for the entire series. Seeing him master the art of acting for the screen in concert with Michael Corleone's own ascent to power .... Gotta love the cinema, baby. 
767 look, i don't dislike this movie franchise really, but i don't love it either. it's just not my cup of tea. i get how people would like it or even love it, i'm just not really into gangster/mob stuff that much. or violence. but i see the appeal. 
768 Masterpiece!Nothing else to really say. 
769  “Don’t tell me you’re innocent. It hurts my intelligence and it makes me angry.”Last night I rewatched The Godfather. I always loved this film but after my rewatch I’m pretty sure I like it even more. Personally I’m a big fan of mob movies.. and this brings my love for them even higher. The Godfather has probably some of the best dialogue in cinema history. With fantastic dialogue comes an amazing story that sets up a whole trilogy, outstanding…  
770 "Do you renounce Satan?" I've wanted to watch this in the theater for so long, and I've finally done it. This was one of the best moviegoing experiences I've ever had. The fact that I watched this alone, with very few people in the auditorium give it this cool feeling. Needless to say, this film is absolutely perfect, and it's a worthy contender for the title of "The Greatest Film Ever Made." 
771 I wish this was my first viewing because watching the baptism scene on the big screen is one of the best theater experiences I've ever had!!! Also Sonny beating Carlo with a literal garbage can in the middle of the street? A Real Hero.mp3 
772  This is my first review on the site, so I thought, why not start with the best? There isn't much that can be said, that hasn't been said before. The Godfather is a masterpiece of a movie; the story is pulled off brilliantly with an incredible cast. There's no wonder Al Pacino's career sky rocketed from this performance, however, Marlon Brando is clearly the most dominant actor in this film with his very iconic depiction of Don Vito Corleone; Pacino…  
773  Needless to say, this is a film I have seen a number of times in my life (including on the big screen almost 6 years ago) and as sometime next month I plan on watching The Godfather Epic-the special version that HBO put together of the two movies in chronological order w/ added footage that is like The Godfather Saga from '81 except that the explicit moments were put back in-it made sense for me to finally give this a…  
774 De entre todas las cosas que me gustaría destacar de El Padrino, me detengo solo en el hecho de que cada vez que un hombre llora, parece que le van a acercar un pañuelo pero en realidad es un trago. 
775 totally phenomenalone of the best characters development i’ve seenal pacino is so discreet and introverted but managed to get so much range and presence for his charactermaybe a lot of people would disagree but i think it would’ve had so much more impact if it was like 2 hours and more compacti wouldn’t agree but i can understand people that say it’s the greatest movie of all time 
776 It insists upon itself.I respect this film more then I actually enjoy it. 
777 I’m not really sure what to say about this film that hasn’t been said by anyone before. A movie filled with brilliant acting performances and some incredible dialogue. A very interesting story, delving into the crime world and it’s control. It’s a masterpiece but we all knew that already. It’s a slow burner which works for a film like this. Sadly for me I struggle to focus with slow burners but this film did well to keep me interested and I really enjoyed it 
778  My friend over @Tales.From.The.Kino on Instagram roused my curiosity when stating in a recent review that the film industry nowadays values the star/starlet rather than the might and tenacity of the story. When you have films that utilize the players as your draw in marketing you know that the producers behind said film were banking on just that aspect. If the film turns out satisfactory to the masses that’s quant, but the bank shot is your Chris Hemsworth, Tom Cruise,…  
779 On a second viewing, this really does not hold a candle to the cinematic masterpiece that is Morbius (2022) 
780 the cat is so cute 
781  It is now past 1 PM and I just finished watching Francis Ford Coppola's "The Godfather" for what might be the 7th or 8th time. I should probably go to bed. It's late and tomorrow I have to wake up a bit early. But not early enough to postpone writing these lines. Now that I have seen it three times, the opportunity of sharing my thoughts and refreshed insights are too much of a good offer to sit on. So,…  
782  AN OFFER YOU CAN’T REFUSEThis is my single most anticipated film of all time. My hype for it was immense, and even that is an understatement. Even through the unfair expectations I had for this film, this went above and beyond that. This has got to be one of the most poignant and special experiences of my life. This is truly one of the greatest triumphs in cinematic history and maybe the most legendary picture of all time. Cinema…  
783  The 1972 - Oh no five-oh challenge #12"What did he say? Badda-beep, badda-bap, badda-boop, badda-beep, he wants us to send Michael to hear the proposition, and the promise is the deal is so good we can't refuse. Hey."Is this the best film made in 1972 (or any year for that matter)...yes, is it my favourite film made in 1972...no, that goes to What's Up Doc...what can I say, it's my strange logic folks! It is however the most…  
784 My Bucket List :1- Watching The Godfather in the cinema ✅مشاهدة هذا الكمال في السينما، والله كأنه حُلمٌ وتحقق.  
785 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  men in the forties were literally like "haha whoops just killed two men in public better leave my whole family and girlfriend behind for italy where i'll get married to another woman and return a changed man after a certain traumatic event lmao”  
786 mafia movies and 3 hour runtimes go hand in hand, you cant have a 3 hour movie without it being a mafia film or have a mafia film without having it be 3 hours long 
787 Week 31: a trilogy - part 1this video sums up how i feel about the filmI simply do not understand why this is one of the highest-rated films of all time. Maybe I’m just dumb, or maybe my expectations were too high (or a combination of both), but I found this incredibly confusing and boring.Mutuals if you love this movie I’d love to know why. I’m not saying that in a confrontational way I’m genuinely curious what makes this film as adored as it is. 
788  Well everyone I made it to 1000 movies on LB, and what a groundbreaking movie to watch for this milestone. It may be weird to see it at only number 18 in my favorites list but I assure you it will probably rise the more I think about it. The Godfather is a cinematic achievement. The story, the acting, and the cinematography are all fantastic. The movie was honestly never really boring and kept me invested throughout the entire runtime.…  
789 al pacino’s impact in this needs to be studied he really had me wanting to be a mafia wife at age 12 
790 my greatest internal conflicts are over why i didn't particularly like  Frances Ha  or this :x 
791 Always thought it was a great film, but I'll never understand the people who call it the greatest film. Maybe one day. I don't get immersed in it. I'm not really that invested in it either. But there's many elements that I love, it just doesn't come together as a total thing that I love. Not gonna force it.However, it is Film School 101 for:1. The motherfucking rule of thirds2. How to do a motherfucking fade 
792 I really wish I would've waited to see this magnificent piece of work until now. High school was strange for everyone and it was in high school that I had my first viewing of The Godfather. I was underwhelmed. I thought it was overrated. I wondered why Marlon Brando was talking like that. I was an idiot. I don't understand how I could've possibly been underwhelmed... And I never was much of a contrarian so there must've been a reason. I don't know. I'm genuinely angry at my younger self. I even had the audacity to have my letterboxd rating as 3.5 stars. Jesus Christ. 
793 This is a perfect film. Possibly the best film ever made. 
794  Je suis bien conscient qu'il n'y a rien d'original à tripper sur The Godfather. Greta Gerwig a d'ailleurs créé un excellent gag sur l'amour que de « trop » nombreux hommes portent à ce film!Et pourtant... chaque fois que je revois ce chef-d'oeuvre légendaire, j'en ai le souffle coupé. Et je me retrouve soudainement avec le brûlant désir d'être transporté dans le New York des années 1940. Même si je suis persuadé que, dans les faits, je détesterais cette époque.Je…  
795 one of the movies of all time for sure 
796 86/100Certainly better the second time. The dissolve from Vito in bed to Sicilian landscape, glorious. The baptism sequence, absolutely marvelous. 
797  1972 In Review - March#5The aging patriarch of an organized crime dynasty in postwar New York City transfers control of his clandestine empire to his reluctant youngest son.50th year Anniversary of Coppola’s classic gangster flic. The Godfather is probably one of the best gangster movies, a story where aging patriarch Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando) gradually tries to transfer control of his crime dynasty to one of his sons, in the midst of a war between the…  
798 I remember the first time I saw The Godfather, I didn't believe that it was going to be as good as people said but damm I was wrong. 
799  The definition of a perfect representation of a mofia film & a perfect movie in general in every way.I have not seen this movie since I was 12-13 I couldn’t really remember much about it at all so in a way this was a first time for me & I just got say what an absolute masterpiece this is.My cinema screen was absolutely packed for this which was a shocker & I heard people say after it that it was slow,…  
800  "What a picture"- Al Pacino in once upon a time in hollywood.I wanted to escape what's been happening in the world at least for a while so I went to the cinema and rewatched a 50 year old movie. And man it's objectivelly a masterpiece, such a well-crafted masterpiece. One of the rare times when you forget that you watch actors in a movie and not real people, that's how convincing all of them are. And lol somehow it…  
801 I would sell my first born to satan to be reincarnated as that little cat 
802 Man, I’m impressed. Young Al Pacino is the 8th wonder of the world. 
803  I have never considered this a favorite film, but it’s an obvious understatement to call this one of the greatest films ever made, The 3 hour runtime breezes by faster than most 2 hour films I can think of and that’s one personal subjective criteria I use to identify a great film. The direction is certainly not flashy but the story does not require that, the performance by Brando I think is slightly overrated, but that's just my opinion and…  
804 i love it when al pacino 
805 Una de las mayores obras de la historia del cine. Gana muchísimo ahora que la revisite y me gustó inmensamente más que la primera vez que la vi. Una obra magnanima, con personajes carismáticos perfectamente desarrollados, un guión impecable, un ritmo que hacen que sus 3 horas se pasen volando, una obsesión por cada detalle de puesta en escena que es BESTIAL. No puedo abarcar en palabras la bestia del cine que es El Padrino. Una de las, si no es la mejor, obra de mafias jamás hecha. Muchas ganas de empezar la segunda parte. 
806 For the first time ever, I can notice some chinks in this films incredibly thick armor. I probably never noticed how clumsy the story is at times because I was distracted by world class acting, stunning cinematography, dazzling setpieces and the legendary musical score. And that cat that Godfather pets. 
807 “I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.”I’m sorry to everyone for waiting all (almost) 24 years of my adult life to finally see this... but I’m also mad that nobody in those 24 years of my life made me watch it, or told me to watch it.There’s only one word to describe... everything, in this beautiful film.... LEGENDARY. The acting, score, the writing, everything.... just... legendary.I was dreading the 3 hour run time... but I’ll watch that shit again and again I tell you. 
808  10/10My third watch.Yeah...it really is that good.I haven't seen this for about about eighteen months, and I have avoided a revisit for awhile. I saw it on the big screen last time (one of the best movie experiences of my life) and was worried I wouldn't like it nearly as much a third time around (because I found it pretty disappointing on my first watch and nothing could match up to my second viewing). And, while this…  
809  "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."The Godfather is a quintessential mafia crime drama. At nearly three hours, it's epic yet intimate at the same time. Marlon Brando was extremely compelling as Vito Corleone. Everytime he was on screen, I was just drawn into his character. Al Pacino was also great in this as Michael Corleone. It's interesting to see how his character began to how he is at the end of the film. The lighting is…  
810  73/100Okay Mom, so I finally saw The Godfather. You and everybody else were right: it's fucking great. Now, every time you come downstairs and see me watching some strange (read: great) movie you've never heard of, you can stop rolling your eyes and scoffing, "you watch this shit and you've never even SEEN Godfather."*later*Mom: What is this you're watching? It's giving me a headache just looking at it.Me: This? This is my #2 favorite film of…  
811 10Very good movie, Boshi is going to give it a 4/10. 
812 No idea why it took so long for me to watch this. All the praise has already been heaped on to it, so I'll just say it was great. 
813 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  vito o gangster mais querido de todos os tempos.. que mundo é esse tão cruel que a gente vive? a covardia superando a pureza... eh, vai na paz, irmão, fica com Deus, eu sei que um dia eu vou te encontrar! vlw padrinho 🕊  
814 Michael returned from Sicily with post nut clarity. 
815 Just realised that the print that is released in Indian theatres isn't the new 4K version, and many scenes that were cut by the Censor Board of India in 1972 were still cut in the version.That means this was the OG version that the Censor Board passed in 1972. Only thing they changed was the sound quality, which was enhanced to Dolby Digital (not Atmos) from a stereoscopic sound.Now I am a bit sad. :( 
816 The Baptism scene alone is better than most movies 
817 Best film ever made. 
818  9.4/10unlike many other people, i'm not going to rate this film 5 starsi spend a long time thinking about if i would rate it 4.5 or 5 stars, i loved this film but i just didn't knowafter seeing some videos i started to like it way more, and i really thought of rating it 5 stars, but i decided to rate it 4.5 for now, i think that i need to rewatch this film, maybe after a…  
819 Haha, yeah right, like I have something original to say about The fucking Godfather.(Full review at Alternate Ending) 
820  "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."It's a huge understatement if you're just going to say that The Godfather is a great film. It's so much more than that. It's a transcendent piece of art that goes beyond the cinematic parameters. I know for a fact that this has been said a million times already but this film is what cinema really is all about. Everything about this film is perfect. I may not put this on…  
821 I was going into this film thinking it wasn’t going to live up to the hype, but I couldn’t of been more wrong. This film lived up to every expectation and more. Perfect. 
822 I finally understand that even stevens reference 
823 “Look how they massacred my boy” is one of the most absolutely heartbreaking lines in cinema what the Fuck 
824 Brad (15) - Won't watch this again for a long time, but when I do, it'll probably move up to a 5/55 years laterBrad (20) - Uh huh 
825 Finally got around to watching it.The hype is real.Ranks #2 in the Films I've Watched in 2024.  
826  "Um homem que não se dedica a família jamais será um homem de verdade."Poucos anos após a 2° Guerra Mundial uma família mafiosa comandada por Vito, conhecido como Don Corleone, tenta manter-se soberana dentre as outras famílias enquanto é obrigada a lidar com tentativas de serem derrubados e traídos.Nesse sentido, Francis Ford Coppola, diretor do longa, entrega uma experiência inesquecível e aterradora sobre o mundo da máfia italiana em Nova York, seu funcionamento e tudo que decorre desse…  
827 vengo pateando ver estas pelis principalmente porque mi misión como mujer cinéfila en sus ventilargos es discutir y pelearme con filmbros que se hacen llamar amantes del cine y sólo saben repetir que “el padrino es la mejor pelicula”. lejos de abandonar  mi misión y justamente porque amo el cine me siento obligada a decir que es de las mejores películas que vi.punto para ustedes, mis queridos filmbros. ya volveremos a discutir 
828 Real greaseball shit 
829  Considerada una de las mejores películas de la historia del cine, pero que para mi si que lo es por su importancia que tuvo en la década de los 70, para ese periodo de tiempo en el cine américano.Una representación de la mafia italoamericana aunque narrada de una manera mas intima a diferencia de las demas, basada en la novela de Mario puzo quien fue guionista junto con coppola.Centrándose en lo más importante, la familia, los códigos, la…  
830 Saw it at Metrograph. “after all, we are not communists.”Simply fantastic when it comes to plot mechanics, pacing, and form. A three hour movie that swings like jazz and opera; baptism scene is a longer scene than you might think, but has intense rhythm. Yes, it is Michael’s soul dying officially, but it is also Coppola telling you how the Catholic Church is the beginning of capitalism itself; that the death of men can be ordered in this place like its a Gordon Gekko sales pitch. 
831  Perhaps the first thing that comes to mind for many when they think about cinema, and it is no surprise that Francis Coppola presents us with the greatest reference of the Italian mafia in the seventh art.The film begins by introducing Don Vito Corleone in one of the most famous scenes in cinema. The self-proclaimed leader of the region's mafia receives an acquaintance who begs for justice for his daughter.Throughout the work we note that his power and…  
832 The Godfather basicamente te mostra que em terra de poder, os princípios são escassos. 
833 So much to say and yet, there's no need to say a thing, the film speaks for itself. Just absolutely perfection 
834 inventou o cinema 
835  "Michael Francis Rizzi, do you renounce Satan?"Coppola renuncia a todas as possibilidades de liberdade diante de uma lógica imperial criada aqui, por uma posição em que a família Corleone se torna transcendente do aspecto moral de se criar um modelo social político. Desde a rebelião entre as famílias até o foco mais pessoal em Michael e seus relacionamentos, Coppola não perde a essência desse universo mafioso, dessa característica material, por exemplo, no casamento, onde todos estão celebrando, e Don…  
836 i can’t believe i deprived myself of this movie for so long i’m such a dumbass 
837 This movie is good… don’t get me wrong. But man it is not what I expected it to be. Great acting combined with a great story, but viewing it for the first time today, it just didn’t move me the way I was expecting it to from what I’ve heard.Yes Marlon Brando & Al Pacino we’re absolutely terrific. I’m excited to see what happens in the next Godfather as it’s apparently one of the best sequels of all time.. hopefully I’m not let down. 
838  While I still thoroughly enjoyed watching Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather, I can't say that I did for the reasons that many other film buffs do. To be straightforward, I don't think that The Godfather is the masterclass in filmmaking or mafia films that it has always been proclaimed to be. Instead, I view the film as an important piece to the greater canon of Italian-American mafia media rather than something to view in isolation.This of course is not…  
839  "Leave the gun. Take the cannoli".Por fin tengo el placer de ver El Padrino, al principio dije no, no puedo hacer una review sobre esta película porque es demasiada buena y no merece una review simple, pero ahora se me es inevitable no hacerle una.Sin duda es una de las mejores películas del mundo, si bien no te puede interesar todo el mundo de la mafia creo que la película tiene una magia que te atrapa, te hace…  
840 Look, I absolutely do think we as a culture have made The Godfather too important, sacralizing the text (and often misinterpreting it) in ways that have been detrimental. But I also think, especially while actually sitting in front of it: man, that's one hell of a movie.(Blu-ray) 
841 100/100 
842 michael's sigma male arc in this movie is still untouchable 
843 I just saw this in a theatre. I can't express what that means to me. So, I won't try.As good as movies can be. 
844  My dad was a baby then.The year was 1972. The year was fifty years ago.Black screen. Cue in The Godfather theme.Roll credits. PARAMOUNT PICTURES PRESENTSMARIO PUZO'S   THE GODFATHER On the big screen was the bulldog exterior and the smoked rustled voice of Marlon Brando mumbling his way through incoherent and audibly incomprehensible perfection. Al Pacino's breakout performance launching the titanic star into superstardom and an eternal hall of fame, whose flame burns bright to this day.…  
845 Not me falling asleep to IMDB’s #2 movie. Watched in theatres for the 50th Anniversary. 😬 
846 A magnum opus. A classic. Endlessly quoteworthy. Emotional and powerful. 
847 I’m approaching my finals, so I may be less active, or rewatch-heavy, so I can get work done and still know what’s going on in the movie. Anyway my neighbor started having really loud sex while I was watching this so happy Monday everyone 
848 12th time watching if you get it you get it if you don’t you don’t if you know you know 
849 What can I even say about The Godfather that hasn’t already been said and expounded upon explored in depth and through myriad lens?Some different facet always stands out each watch; this time, the opening conversation and its emotional pay-off, an interaction that I felt perfectly encapsulated Vito as the Don, compared to Michael’s Old Testament ruthlessness. That baptism sequence is cinematic perfection. I wish all three-hour movies aspired to be paced as immaculately as this; the runtime just glides by. 
850 FINALLY! I have seen it. The one and only. The holy grail of cinema. Let me tell you, the hype is real. The story, so rich. The score, hauntingly beautiful. Marlon Brando and Al Pacino, WOW. And bonus, I can now understand and appreciate the hundreds of references and quotes spread across pop culture."I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."Featured in my BLACK BLACK BLACK posters  
851 Leave the gun, take the cannolis. 
852  Has there ever been a better run by an actor than Al Pacino’s right out of the gate streak from his first performance in Panic in Needle Park through Dog Day Afternoon? It really doesn’t seem like it. Before seeing the new Coppola cut of Part III (my first time seeing the third part in any capacity), I wanted to go back and revisit the first two Godfather films because I hadn’t seen them since my first viewing, some 13…  
853 it's so vital to keep an eye on the sauce when you're feeding a big group of boys in a crisis. the last thing they need after pops has been shot is for the sauce to be bad, the family couldn't handle another loss when they're already so stressed.i really couldn't shake my intense curiosity about what on earth mama corleone was up to the whole time. 
854 Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes 
855 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   العرابنعم يا سادة،نتحدث عن العراب... وأي عراب هو؟نتحدث عن العراب... وأي تأثير قد أحدث؟نتحدث عن العراب... وأي إنجاز قد حقق؟نعم العراب قد يكون سير أحداثه بطيء، نعم العراب قد تكون حبكته مُتمهلة. ولكن البُطء في العراب ميزة وليس عيبًا.بناء الأحداث المتأني جعلنا نتعلق بالشخصيات، تعديل "فرانسس ف. كوبولا" لرواية "ماريو بوزو" جعلنا نتعلق بشخصيات شريرة وأعضاء مافيا!العراب يُحدثنا عن قصة عائلة "كورليوني"، عائلة بسيطة ومتواضعة، كانت تبيع زيت الزيتون في صُقلية، ولكن في…   
856 9.3/10 AOne of cinemas greatest classics, The Godfather did feel a bit dated, but was saved by the impeccable acting, story and screenplay, and score. However, I do feel that Micheal Coreleones character development and arc was rushed through, as well as the presence of a few missed opportunities.viewing details: the omerta edition on an HDTV with Charlie Bettingler 
857 somebody toucha my spaghet 
858 My favorite opera 
859 What’s he even saying 
860 The silent immigrant cinema. A film that frames true power as gestural and the illusion of power as performative. 
861 everyone knows this film is amazing so i'm just gonna say it.. young al pacino could like.. get it 
862 I first saw The Godfather  about 10 years ago and a revisit was well overdue, in fact it felt like was I was witnessing the film for the first time. My feelings have changed dramatically towards this masterpiece, I absolutely adore this film. Shot beautifully and masterfully acted, the characters are some of the best to be displayed on film - just perfect. 
863 My first viewing, yes I'm late, yes I deserve to be punished.Nothing I say will add anything new you haven't heard before.  It all starts with the long wedding sequence that completely sucked me in, and left me hanging on every word, every move made by the Corleone family. Every scene felt so real, so very truly authentic.Immediately after the film ended I replayed the whole wedding sequence again astonished at just how natural everything felt.This is essential viewing for everyone, i am just glad I finally took the time to watch this true masterpiece! 
864 Hot take but this is one of the best movies of all time 
865  While it's still in theaters (you know, until The Batman waltzes in and kicks it off the deluxe screens), I decided to take a look at the 50th (jesus!) anniversary of The Godfather. Everyone says it's one of (if not the) best movie ever made and it was with that oversell that I saw it originally when I was much, much younger. And I was barely ok with it back then... it's one of those movies you see for the…  
866 اشوف مدة الفيلم اتكاسل اتابعه بس ابدأ اتابعه ما عندي مشكلة حتى لو كان اطول حرفيا فيلم كامل ولا غلطة 
867 apparently george c scott was supposed to play vito and burt reynolds was supposed to play michael and francis ford coppola was like YEET and fought for the cast he wanted praise him.also i can't get enough of this in theaters. 
868 I cannot believe what I have just witnessed. Honestly, the film is way too long, as is anything over 1 minute. The hack of a director, Coppola, should look back to the roots of film and find out how to make a REAL film. Keep it short, keep it silent, and keep it black and white. I can't believe I even sat through this. Garbage. 
869 I haven’t actually watched this I just wanted to leave a bad review because an Italian boy stole my lighter last night and this is the only way I can get back at him 
870 everyone comparing every other movie to this one proves it’s superiority 
871 Mamamia that was really good 
872 “I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.”It has been a while since I last saw one of the greatest movies ever, and I thought today would be a good day. Overall, it is still one of the greatest works of art out there. 
873 I was unsure if this film would ever live up to its hype. I can now confidently say it did 
874 i had a life before and after seeing the godfather (1972) 
875 you know what? The Godfather truly perfect film 
876 lesson learned: don't marry italian men 
877 seeing this for its 50th anniversary in theaters… ART ! 
878 Finally it happened,got a chance to see one of my favourite films of all time on the big screen. The ticket was pricey and the audience was small but those 3 hours were simply magical. 
879 When my Aunt Vicky died 15 years ago I remember driving to the funeral and my dad really wanted to go up to my just widowed Uncle Joe and say “you know how they’re gonna come at ya?” just like Tom Hagen does to Michael. My mom, my brother & I were able to talk him out of it but then a few years later he told Joe and Joe was like “ah man you should’ve! That woulda been great!” 
880 michael corleone has done nothing wrong in his life EVER 
881 watching The Godfather is an offer I can’t refuse. 
882  "You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to do murder - for money."I started this at like 2 am in the morning, and after watching this I had so many dreams about this film. Wild dreams. I think the writing in this is really strong, despite it having some pacing issues. But everything was really impactful and worked. But if I was to see another wedding scene, I…  
883  It’s not often you meet a movie lover who hasn’t seen The Godfather - yet here I am! Finally got round to watching it after 36 years on this planet, and I loved every minute of it. Francis Ford Coppola delivers a cinematic masterpiece with an absolutely stellar cast. Marlon Brando is of course excellent and iconic as Vito Corleone, but the star without doubt is Al Pacino as his son Michael. Other highlights include Robert Duvall and James Caan…  
884  Based on Mario Puzo’s crime novel The Godfather (1969), which Paramount Pictures secured as a still unfinished 60-page manuscript for a measly $12,500 with an $80,000 option, Francis Ford Coppola’s traditionally filmed and stylized The Godfather (1972) forever altered the crime genre and gangster subgenre with the introduction of “family” as a motivator for criminal activities against those purely pursuing personal gain.This story about the pursuit of health and wealth for the sake of familial bonds, many of which extend…  
885 the sexual tension between me and young al pacino on the screen 
886 The film. 
887 Want to squeeze his cheeks 
888 Only gets better with every viewing as I get older. On a gangster movie binge, so I figured I might as well go back and actually watch this trilogy in full. I haven't seen the third and Taylor hasn't seen 2 or 3.Obviously a legendary film, you owe it to yourself to watch it at least once. 
889  FAVOURITE MOVIES LIST(Note : My love for this film is pretty recent)1-Always remember that its not personal its always business.2-Don’t bang cocktail waitresses two at a time.3-Never let anyone outside the family know what you’re thinking.4-In Sicily women are more dangerous than Shotguns.5-Never take sides against your family in public.6-If your biggest rival sets up a meeting with you through somebody you absolutely trust, odds are you’ll be assassinated.7-No Sicilian can refuse…  
890  Took me 18 years, but I did it, I finally watched Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather. Considered by many to be one of the greatest films of all time and the greatest by Letterboxd I definitely had crazy high expectations for this movie. So did it live up to those expectations? Well, no. But that's only because the bar was really high and nearly impossible to reach. I was in no way disappointed as I thought this was an impeccably…  
891  The AFI Top 100 Club: boxd.it/1cOzaFilm #2- The GodfatherAlso part of my Godfather Marathon, I guess“I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.”Is Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather the best film ever made? Maybe. Phenomenal score, cinematography, directing, acting, writing, characters etc. fill this fantastic family drama that bears little to no flaws.(rewatch) From the very first minute of Mario Puzo's The Godfather, you can already see the best things about the film: incredible…  
892  Sight and Sound’s Greatest Films of All Time (2022) – #12The Godfather. What else needs to be said? What else can be said? A defining picture spawned from the American New Wave, Francis Ford Coppola has crafted one of the finest films ever made. Beyond the artistry, delicacy, honesty, and brutality, what struck me the most upon re-wathcing The Godfather was just how heartbreaking it is. The film's insights on the cyclical nature of violence and the burdens of…  
893  Vito Corleone: You spend time with your family?Johnny: Sure I do.Vito Corleone: Good. Because a man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.This is the first time I've watched a film and watched it again the very next day. lol. And I must say I've never experienced such intensity in a baptism ceremony. UgghhIt's really funny how simple these Mafia's tactics are. With few guns, few explosives, and few men...…  
894 1972 RankedPhysically Owned FilmsNo need to spend a lot of time talking in detail about all the wonderful elements of this film; you already know them. But one thing to say - I believe this film is so immersive because of its character driven drama. Coppola does a tremendous job showcasing fascinating character arcs for multiple characters, and our time with them just flies by.Impressive, well-deserving of 5 stars, yet somehow not quite as good as its sequel. 
895 Simply said,This is a film which no one on Earth can refuse to like. 
896  It’s been exactly 2 years since I watched this film for the first time and now rewatching it having finished the book in the morning I have an even deeper appreciation for this film, the timing of this rewatch is very serendipitous.I of course loved the film when I first watched it 2 years ago but back then I was still very new to cinema as a whole so in my mission of watching “the best films ever made”…  
897 this is just like hbo’s succession except it’s missing shiv roy and tomgreg(happy film 2500!!!!) 
898 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I can’t believe I wasted my time going to theaters to watch this dogshit of a movie.I’m sick and tired of watching classics everyone is obsessed over. Like no there is nothing special about this movie. Sure the soundtrack is good, but that’s the only good thing about this movie besides Michael’s older brother. Marlon Brando’s character is in the movie for like 20 fucking minutes. Michael is a shitty character who I have 0 interest in. I do not…   
899  on brand henry moment: i had given up looking for godfather showings in my city because i didn't see any while the 50th anniversary screenings were starting in the US, only yesterday did i find one single theater showing it by complete accident while i was actually looking for showings of jackass forever (which i did not find 💔) i can never articulate proper review reviews for these movies so instead i'll take a note out of nessa's book and…  
900  Gorgeous 50th anniversary restoration on the big screen. I need to see more classics at the cinema. I am not making the most of being in Los Angeles and maybe need to stop seeing them in mall AMCs. Initially, we had stony silence as the film started but the projector gave up after 5 minutes and they had to restart it. There's this whole Dolby ad where it boasts how great it is and then it says while on a…  
901 78/100I looked through my last review of this and stand by just about everything I said, so there's nothing I want to add, just that the theater experience was every bit as incredible as I had hoped it would be.4th watch 
902 I love everything about this movie. It elevates the book, puts on an acting clinic, and is shot more memorably than anything else before or after. And the music is so damned emotive!The Godfather might be the most quotable movie of all time. It's funny (leave the gun...take the canolis), grim (tell Michael it was only business), and dramatic (our true enemy has yet to reveal himself). If you haven't seen this yet, it's not just hype. Check it out! 
903 Come over here kid, you'll learn something. You never know, you might have to cook for 20 guys someday. You start with a little oil, then fry some garlic. Throw in some tomatoes, tomato paste,fry it and make sure it doesn't stick. You get it to a boil, you shove in all your sausage and meatballs. Add a little bit of wine. And a little bit of sugar... and that's my trick.Cinema peaked with Clemenza's cooking lesson. 
904  They don’t come much better than THE GODFATHER, a film that still impresses over 40-years later.  Seeing it again today really brought back a flood of memories.    Right before the film came out, the movie tie-in paperback was released with photo sections.  I was in high school and I picked it up immediately.  Despite its length, I was in a race with another guy in home room who also had the book, and we’d compare page counts every…  
905 #45Pouring one out for my homie Sonny Ty’s Oscar Best Pic watch: 45/90  
906  The Godfather masterfully trims the fat on Puzo's text (published three years earlier in 1969) which I just recently finished reading. My third or fourth viewing of the film, I was happy to have the additional info that the novel provided. Not much to add (the movie's good!) other than I noticed that Coppola would re-use parts of the score 11 years later in The Outsiders. As well, Jimmy Caan couldn't sell a punch, kick, or knee to the face…  
907  "I'm Gonna Make Him An Offer He Can't Refuse"The Godfather needs no introduction. This has stood the test of time unlike anything else if we are being real. I have been wanting to rewatch for awhile now. I saw it for the first time back in 2020 and like everybody else who watches it for the first, it stayed with me. I love Mob films as Goodfellas is in my top ten all time, so getting another film in…  
908  honestly? perfect moviei don't have a single complaintthis is my second time watching it, and in my first watch i had some complaints, i felt like the entire part with michael and apollonia dragged a bit and was a bit unnecessary, but now i disagree with that, i think it's just as good as the rest of the movieeverything in this movie flows so well, the story progresses in such a satisfying waybut yeah, everything that…  
909 After 2,500+ movies, I've now finally seen The Godfather. Lives up to its status, with its iconic performances, exciting filmmaking, and rich characters. I don't think long gangster epics are necessarily my thing, but this is the pinnacle. 
910 I've been meaning to rewatch this after finishing the book and after doing so I can now say that this is not only one of the greatest films ever made, it is also one of the greatest adaptations ever made. Nothing I can say that hasn't been said already, all of it is true. 
911 guys am i literally don corleone??we have so much in common, i also have a wriggly cat that lays on my lap while i take care of business (maths homework) 
912 the godfather is a landmark of american cinema and remains an enduring classic. from the opening scene, you're drawn into the world of the corleone family and are engaged right up to the very last shot. the performances are utterly perfect; the cinematography is dark, tasteful and completely captivating and my god james caan's shoulders!!!!!!! 
913  I don't even want to rate this. I don't know how to even compare this to most of the other things I have rated 5 stars, which honestly kind of feels like junk food compared to this. The film takes awhile to get going, but when the movie is good, it's indescribably good. "The Godfather" is truly a chilling analogy of crime in the world with superb filmmaking and outstanding performances.SCORE: 97% 💯 (NEAR PERFECT)STANDOUT PERFORMANCE: MARLON BRANDO…  
914 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I have been alive for 23 years and have grown up watching everything reference this film. Now I have finally watched it. Holy shit! There's a lot I can say, but I think it's probably all been said before. Marlon Brando's fantastic. Al Pachino's excellent and also very handsome when he was younger. Also that baptism execution scene, is a whole lot more brutal than how it was described to me by my mom. I get why this is such a good film now  
915 The 4K looks great. 
916 Zootopia reference 
917  Today is a special day because I just moved into my apartment for Junior Year. To celebrate I decided to finally watch The Godfather. An absolute masterclass in filmmaking. Francis Ford Coppola manages to pull off an insanely ambitious story with such perfection. Everyone here is perfect, Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall, Abe Vigoda, Diane Keaton, the list goes on. But come on, Marlon Brando was a force of nature, he killed every role he played before he became…  
918 i know i’m supposed to write a long meaningful review after watching THE godfather for the first time but all i can think about right now is how hot al pacino is 
919  If you’ve had trouble committing to this film because of the 3 hour run time, I promise you it’s the fastest, most brilliant three hours you could ever spend. Just a total masterpiece top to bottom and a piece of art that I am privileged to have watched. Even better the second time as I was hyper aware of Michael Corleone’s development and assent as a gangster. The acting is phenomenal, James Cann might be my sneaky favorite. He’s a…  
920  “I believe in America” é a primeira frase desse filme. Depois, durante o casamento da filha, Vito Corleone recebe pedidos em seus aposentos. Um envolve polícia, o outro trata de entretenimento e cinema, mais um fala de imigração. Há também uma carta de um político.A América está corrompida, e o cinema da Nova Hollywood - do qual esse é o filme mais emblemático - reflete isso, deixando pra trás o idealismo dos anos 60 e enxergando a verdade da…  
921 damn so nobody else at the theater was gonna moan and scream and cry with me everytime al pacino was on the screen..? 
922  Happy Birthday!Stop the clock - Take time outTime to regroup before you lose the boutFreeze the frame - Back it upTime to refocus before they wrap it upYears are getting shorterLines on your face are getting longerFeel like you're treading waterBut the riptide's getting strongerDon't panic, don't jump shipCan't fight it, like taxesAt least it happens only once in your lifeThey're singing, "Happy Birthday"You just want to…  
923 what else can i say, it's probaly the most important (or with most "prestige" per say) film of all time, a timeless classic that survives the test of time perfectly and crafts some of the best...stuff? that a movie can deliver, and even if my zoomer brain can't really get into it 100% of the time it never failed to make me invested into its hypnotic presence. some of the best shots, music, acting, dialogue and overall sequences i've seen on a movie...and lots of cannoli 
924  While I'm sure that a certain subset of this movie's fans are attracted to the mafia male power fantasy, as mafia stories tend to do, to me, The Godfather is about grief. About grief and love and anger. About the multiple natures of man. About how complex our emotions are. How love is ultimately a double-edged sword, love for those who we cherish and hate for those who have done them harm. How severity coexists next to tenderness and vice-versa.…  
925  I've been meaning to do this for a while and I'm finally getting around to it: drinking Coppola's wine while watching his "Godfather" films. I'm kicking it off by pairing Coppola Wineries' Claret with the first "Godfather" film. I don't know how to properly review a wine. I have not been obsessed with wine for my entire life (as I have with movies). I am not prone to discussing their bouquet or mouthfeel or whatever descriptions one uses for wine.…  
926  A Movie you can't refuse..."I believe in America. America has made my Fortune. And I raised my Daughter in the american Fashion. I gave her Freedom but I taught her never to dishonor her Family. She found a Boyfriend, not an Italian. She went to the Movies with him. She stayed out late. I didn't protest. 2 Month ago he took her for a Drive, with another Boyfriend. They made her drink Whiskey and then they tried to take…  
927  The cinema experience wasn't as good as I wanted. People were taking phones out at random points with the brightness up to 100 making a distracting glare. There were people also taking pics of the screen all the time and making calls in the middle of the film. Making calls in the middle of a film in a cinema screening! During the scene where Vito and Michael have that heart to heart talk in the garden (my personal favourite scene)…  
928  ¿Estoy llegando tarde? Probablemente sí, pero más vale tarde que nunca. No podía dejar pasar la oportunidad de ver esta película por primera vez en una sala de cine, es así como un clásico de este calibre se tiene que ver.Puede que su larga duración y extensión de la historia sí me haya afectado un poco, pero definitivamente es una experiencia cinematográfica muy valiosa para la época en la que salió y todavía aún 50 años después. La escritura…  
929 holy shit i cant even believe that I just watched this in the theatre 
930 This is my Avengers Endgame, my joker even.We'll never get a film like this again, truly a masterpiece in every way and I was so lucky to get to see this in cinemas. Can't wait to see part 2 and 3 on the big screen too 
931  “I believe in America.”Watching The Godfather, and idly wondering how angry Twitter would be today that a silly gangster film based on a pulp novel is nearly three hours long and takes itself so seriously. I can hear it now: “Gangster movies should be fun. That Coppola kid is pretentious af.”Of course, you’d also have the Godfather die-hards on Twitter complaining that Coppola doesn’t understand the characters: “How dare he cut the subplot about Sonny’s massive schlong! That was…  
932 sofia coppola’s dad is so talented wonder what happened to him idk 
933 One of the greatest films ever made. Nothing more needs to be said. 
934 Don’t have me whacked, but I could’ve done with some title cards. No concept of time greatly hindered my enjoyment of the 2nd half. Is this a common complaint? The hospital scene is from another world, though 
935  The title has a certain gravitas like no other. The movie is synonymous with the word mafia and often used a template as all the cheap copies can easily be traced back to this magnum opus. It's hard to miss the common premise of mafia films as they all in some way portray the rise and downfall of a don. Not just don's but most of the supporting characters have similar journeys. The gangsters and their lifestyle, wives confined to…  
936 If u rate this any lower than 4 stars I don’t trust you, sorry. 
937 I mean….How could I not? 
938 Wish my family was this close :( 
939 Can’t believe I’ve held onto the DVD to this gem since Spring of 2019 and I just now got around to watching it. Very much worth the wait. It is a certified, Chef’s Kiss. I’ve only got one more movie until New Years. This surprise movie is regarded as one of the best sequels of all time and it’s to one of my favorite movies. Take a guess. 
940 why do people make music? we’ve literally reached the peak of music and it’s love theme “from the godfather”. 
941 Haven't rewatched. Just making a comment. The family you are born in, your surroundings, your environment has a strong hold on you. However much you try to distance yourself from all that it has a way of pulling you closer eventually. And gradually you end up at the center of everything you wanted to stay away from. Isn't The Godfather all about this universal human phenomenon? 
942 101 Films to watch in 2020Neat! 
943 drinking coppola wine while watching the godfather, can you spell taste! 
944 michael renouncing satan at the baptism while his thugs massacre his enemies with calculated ruthlessness... iconic cinema! 
945 wow.... this truly is the godfather of movies.... follow for more Hot Takes..... 
946 So it’s been 6 years since I first watched this and I think I liked it a lot more this time. I feel like back in the day I was just knocking imdb top 250’s off my list and did not give this movie the attention it deserved, it really is an amazing movie! 
947  Short ReviewRepositioned in: Francis Ford Coppola RankedI don't know what to say. After rewatching this, many, many years after I originally saw it, I still can't see a masterpiece. I see a very well made film for sure and with the knowledge of cinema I have gained over the course of the past years I can now admire certain aspects more than before. The acting, cinematography, music, directing and script all seem near flawless except for minor mishaps…  
948 No better family to spend the holiday with. 
949 this was good but no shrek (2001) 
950 Ah, the Godfather. Just one of those things with a gargantuan reputation that somehow lives up to it. 
951 Rewatch 🚨I’ve come to the conclusion that there is 0 things wrong with this film. Every single second of every single scene is worth it and crafted magnificently. If you say this film is bad, then what I say to that is you simply didn’t watch it close enough, because you might’ve saw the painting but you missed the art. 
952 good film I guess but unrealistic because as a member of the mccluskey family I can confidently say a mccluskey would never be a cop 
953  It’s been 50 years since The Godfather first came out, and exactly 2 years since I first watched (the majority of) it. You know the drill, a 16-year-old that doesn’t understand complex filmmaking, watching a movie about a topic he never related to. You can imagine what state my mind was in after sitting through it. But I took the clever and mature way out by simply avoiding it for as long as possible trying to forget about it until…  
954 Clemenza is the best part of it by a mile.I think I’d love hanging out with him and with Fredo, who is actually a really cool guy 
955 *holding michael in my arms like a little cat and singing to him* myyy babyyy myyyyy babyyyyy you’re my babyyy say it to meeee 
956 Coppola's least formally interesting work with his pet fraternal themes, but also, probably his sturdiest. Can't go wrong with that cast. Willis's cinematography makes every single frame iconic based on color pallate alone. 
957 Michael Corleone: she's hystericalGuy behind me: you're pretty funny yourselfAnyway it was so fun watching this iconic movie in a giant theater with an enthusiastic audience. 
958 i can no longer say i’ve never watched the godfather rip 
959 Rewatched since I finished reading the novel recently. Of course with the medium being more expansive, the novel added more depth to the story and in a way recontextualising the film for me in this rewatch. Also it's safe to say that this is probably the greatest casting in cinema. Every character just click into their roles to the point that it became impossible to think of any alternatives. What I love about cinema summed up in 175 minutes. 
960 This had been on my blind spot list for so long it became something of a challenge to myself. I built up a whole mythology around me not having seen The Godfather. I had to save it for that perfect moment.That perfect moment wound up being at 11pm on a Thursday night before a friend’s wedding as I was painting my nails and eating Doritos on my bedroom floor and thought out of nowhere “I’d like to watch The Godfather.”In the words of Marvin Schwarz: “What a picture.” 
961 ACONTECEU AMIGOS!! AQUELE QUE ERA O MAIS TEMIDO DE TODOS!! ASSISTI!! E AMEI 👏👏👏👏sinto que da próxima vez que assistir esse filme eu vou ter que estar de batom vermelho, bebendo whisky e fumando um cigarrinho…(al pacino se vc não é o cara mais gostoso do mundo eu não sei quem há de ser) 
962 🎬🎭"The Godfather" is a cinematic masterpiece that deserves all the accolades it has received. Marlon Brando's iconic performance as the Don will leave you speechless, while the film's intricate plot will keep you on the edge of your seat. If you haven't seen it yet, be prepared for a rollercoaster of emotions, and remember to never refuse an offer you can't refuse. It's a 4.5 out of 5 for me, and that's not just because the Don is watching.🎬🎭 
963  Kubrick may be right and it might just have the best cast ever and could be the best movie ever made. But, one personal gripe I've always had with it is its use of oranges (my favorite fruit/healthy food) as a foreshadowing of death. Why is that? If I was Coppola, I'd have used eggs instead. Hitchcock might have too since he detested them exactly as much. They're the true food of death. Oranges are the food of life. For…  
964  Coppola has created a masterpiece here, from the writing, to the meticulous and beautiful cinematography that has meaning behind every shot, to the performances that blow you away every dang time, I just can’t get enough of this film. Sure it’s slow at some parts but it’s just so mesmerizing, so many great themes, so many great characters, so many great action sequences, I honestly don’t know how you could find this movie boring.Love, family, death, grief, sorrow, revenge,…  
965 Empecé el año de la mejor manera, viendo El Padrino en familia comiendo sorrentinos de jamón y queso. 
966  3 and a half years For 3 and a half years I’ve owned the godfather on dvd. The full trilogy. It’s become a running joke that I’ve never seen the godfather. And for the simple reason that I knew I would love it. I needed to save it, in a glass emergency box and break it when I needed it most.  And so in my darkest hour, I decided to break that curse today. But I was too lazy…  
967 yeah, seeing it in a theater is still somehow kind of revelatory. the scale of Brando's performance changes, you can see the small choices as clearly as the bolder ones. and yet the older i get the more it becomes Pacino's movie entirely, his performance between these first two movies may be the pinnacle of American screen acting. 
968 all i heard was pasta pasta lasagna mama mia 
969 Marlon Brando che figo della madonna 
970  The Godfather’s the kinda film where you can’t help but feel jealous at the sheer amalgamation of procured talent on display. It’s amazing to see such masters of their craft breeze through their career bests while firing on all cylinders with methodical proficiency. The bar was set stratospherically high 50 years ago when The Godfather released, and as we all know there’s not one technical element that’s not in the league of ageless finesse. For a film to assert itself as…  
971  It feels like a crime to say that I believe The Godfather is imperfect — or more accurately, flawed*. But moreso it feels like a miracle that such a troubled production, and what is essentially the first major opportunity given to an indie filmmaker, a story spanning an entire decade turned out to be hailed as perhaps the greatest American film ever made. Emblematic of the New Hollywood movement, putting on display some outstanding writing and brilliant directing. There’s something new…  
972  Hello people, it is me, the very sad sad individual known as Driplix and today I will be discussing on The Godfather and how it broke my heart.First off, what the fuck is that poster? Why is this old man looking so depressively at the cat?!!?!?! IT'S A FUCKING CAT, EAT IT!!!! IT'S NOT YOUR DEAD GRANDMA FOR GOD'S SAKE! Also why the fuck is it so BLACK?!?!?! I CANNOT SEE THE OTHER PEOPLE, THAT'S NOT WHAT MOVIE POSTERS…  
973 I don’t know, some movie called The Godfather or something. 
974  Part of the Composed by Nino Rota collection.Rota was genius at repurposing a melody originally presented in one musical genre into a completely whackadoo different context. Sometimes he would reuse the same melody in 2 or 3 or 4 different films. In the back of Richard Dyer's musical biography of Rota he has an entire section devoted to listing the number of times Rota melodically quoted HIMSELF in later works. In total Dyer counted 52 sources reused in 75…  
975 I watched The Godfather for the first time.It went pretty well.(You can skip this video, it's low key ass lmao) 
976  I mean, its not even really just a 'film' any more is it?It's now more myth or legend than lightweight piece of entertainment fluff. Every frame has seeped into our collective consciousness as pure artistry, every line of dialogue poetry, every character elevated to a level of notoriety usually only associated with deities.But more than that, more than any other wannabe crime/gangster 'epic', FFC gives us 'family' like never seen before. Others may have more bloodshed, more violence,…  
977 I will be eternally grateful I was able to experience this beautiful piece of art in theatres. 
978 oh SHITloved the shark tale references 
979 Poder tener la posibilidad de ver y disfrutar una de las mejores películas de la historia en pantalla grande es un sueño cumplido. 
980  If you’ve ever stumbled upon a “top 100 movies of all time” list or something along those lines, chances are you saw The Godfather extremely high up on that list. And whilst some of the films that pop up in these conversations time and time again are arguably undeserving of their status, nothing deserves it’s seat at the table in cinema history more than Francis Ford Coppola’s 1972 adaptation of Mario Puzo’s best-selling novel.There’s nothing I can say about…  
981 I like that one scene when he's a gangster 
982 the way I thought this film couldn’t get any better then I watched it in the cinema 
983  The 50th-anniversary 4k restoration showing at the Broadway Cinema in Nottingham. A film I have seen a few times but not for at least 20 years, it was a pleasure to see this on the big screen, made all the more special by the fact that I was accompanied by my son who had never seen it before.The thing is The Godfather is one of those films that I think wannabee Cineasts take for granted, it's just always there,…  
984  TW: Brief but graphic animal violence and depictions of domestic abuse."Leave the gun. Take the cannoli."Been itching to revisit The Godfather trilogy for a while now because I've only seen them once before and it was ages ago. The film follows the reluctant Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) as he takes over his family's organized crime empire after outside forces seek to take out his aging father, Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando). Coppola and Puzo's (Whose book the film…  
985 what I gathered after nearly 3 hours of this is that we need to launch a study on how badly al pacino aged so we can make sure that never happens to anyone else ever again 
986 italian dudes rock 
987 I watched this series like 4 or 5 years ago for first time. I liked Part 2 more than part 1. But now watching again, my opinion changes. It's very hard choose between them. But the subtle changes within the characters are much better in part 1."keep your friends close and your enemies closer."You have to look part 2 close but part 1 closer.Only don't tell me you don't like it. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry. 
988  Didn’t actually rewatch but I just had a realization on the main imperfect thing to me about the movie, the reason for the missing half star. I always needed more between the wedding segment and the hospital segment- more to establish reasoning for Michael to assume leadership. Because as it stands, it always feels to me slightly contrived and random that he’s suddenly willing to change his life completely. And for the whole series to hinge on the emotions…  
989 All Films Watched in 2020, RankedThe Godfather 062120 on Vudu:intoxicating. 
990 mama i'm in love with a criminal 
991 Watched this with my two youngest, ages 18 and 19. The 19-year-old asked for it because something he watched had a Godfather tribute. Such a well put together movie, I never turn down an opportunity to watch it. Such amazing acting on display. 
992 THE Godfather, true masterpiece.It’s not personal Letterboxd. It’s strictly cinephilia 
993 A few things I noticed about this movie: The baptism scene is without a doubt one of the best scenes in cinema. Some scenes that are completely in Italian don’t have subtitles.Mafia and gangster movies make me hungry, I’m always craving spaghetti and meatballs afterwards.This is in fact one of the greatest movies ever made. 
994 I mean, what can you even say?It’s unrelentingly tragic and darkly beautiful and perfectly performed and musically enchanting, and at the end of it all I’m left unsatisfied, knowing that I will never truly know if Don Corleone is a heavy chewing tobacco user or just has a really severe underbite.The Godfather Trilogy podcast episode 
995 I mean it’s marvellous. Out of all the hyped up classics there is, I put off watching this one the most. But I see it, I see how perfect it is. It’s got such a powerful set of characters with such an enticing plot, and although long it didn’t feel like it dragged in the slightest. Epic in its quality, all the aspects of film come together perfectly to create this brilliant flick.See new and much better review here  
996  Until recently, I had lived under a heavy, wet blanket of shame --- for decades --- simply because I had never seen Francis Ford Coppola’s first two “Godfather” films. “The Godfather” (1972) and “The Godfather Part II” (1974) are landmarks in American film. No argument. Case closed. “Best of” movie lists litter the Internet, but one of the more credible ones, the American Film Institute’s latest “100 Greatest American Films of All Time” list, has the first “Godfather” ranked at…  
997  La primera vez que vi El Padrino fue un desastre total, eran finales de 2016 y estyve días buscando una tarde tranquila para lograr sentarme a verla de corrido, y lamentablemente escogí un mal día y terminé viendo una película de 3 horas en unas 8, así que llegado a este punto marcar esto como un rewatch es deshonroso, me sorprende la escasa cantidad de escenas que recordaba.Aún así, el pensamiento es el mismo al de hace casi tres…  
998 I don't think I can contribute much to what has already been said on this film. Copolavoro. 
999 While 90% of the films I watch are the cinematic equivalent to that painting of dogs playing poker - here is a glorious work, A film so lush, crafted, and composed it deserves to be dissected and discussed alongside artworks currently behind bulletproof glass in museums around the world 
1000 Has the grandeur and pace of Shakespeare, and founded the modern myth of the gentleman gangster. Stands above almost everything but its own sequel. 
1001 I watched this and loved it so obviously all of my opinions on the cinéma are all valid and important from now until the end of time, thank you. 
1002 What just happened 
1003 I rewatched this movie whilst drinking Italian wine and devouring salami after a Sunday feast.this is the most Italian thing I have ever seen.it's perfect 
1004  It's been exactly one week since I first saw this and I watched it again with my grandparents. I can't praise this film enough, it's that great. If you want my thoughts on it check out my original review. I watched this film on Blu Ray and this version is stunning. The DVD copy I watched last week was pretty dated, but this version showed no date at all. The Blu Ray version is the definitive version of this film, just…  
1005  "Tell Mike it was just business".An iconic film, featuring a towering performance from Marlon Brando as Don Corleone, the titular Godfather. Surprisingly not a showy role, but one full of subtle tics and shades. His quiet performance in the tomato garden is astounding in its execution.This is an epic story of family, loyalty and betrayal which plays out in the aftermath of World War II. Coppola's genius in this film was in casting well, so that on top…  
1006 Beyond Badass. 
1007 Godfather Minus 1/2 
1008 The hype is real🔥 
1009  scavenger hunt 91: a movie 3 hours or longer.jesus christ I feel like I deserve a medal for lasting through this slog fest. the baptism scene was the only slightly interesting part.I've never liked Marlon Brando but I feel like he's at his worst here. I couldn't tell a single word he was saying and he didn't seem to care about his acting at all. the rest of the performances were mediocre. half the cast was talking with…  
1010 Vegan warning: gabagool and like….fuckin horse head I guess 
1011 "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."My favorite movie of all-time showed up at my local theater for the 50th Anniversary. It was an offer I couldn't refuse. There are other new films I wanted to check out, but once this popped up, those movies became irrelevant. It feels so good to finally see this incredible piece of cinema on the big screen. I hope The Godfather Part II gets the same treatment in a couple of years. I will be there. 
1012 Favorite shot this time around is the one where a guy in Sicily is eating bread alone under a single lightbulb 
1013  finally caved in. the godfather has always been less of a film for me and more of a concept, an enigma and less anything i can function as a piece of cinema. its always been the film which i have been shamed into not watching, the film which is regarded as the all important piece of american cinema. yet when i finally watch this the meaning behind these words kinda all make sense. the great american tragedy is set on…  
1014  78/100(was a 64/100)The great American tragedy. This is not a film of villains and heroes, nor is it a film of moral ambiguity or grayness; instead, it is a film of hollowness--a tragedy of seismic proportions wherein every single character is unable to live a fulfilling life. What Coppola does here, that I hadn’t understood before, is that he presents us with a world of pain and suffering where nothing gets better and there is only death--that world being…  
1015  Nun war es endlich soweit! Ich habe mich endlich an einen der größten, wenn nicht sogar DEN größten Klassiker der Filmgeschichte herangewagt.Ich höre jetzt schon die Stimmen: Was du hast den Paten bis jetzt noch nicht gesehen? Wie kann das nur sein?"Der Pate" war einer jener großen Filme, die ich nun schon ewig vor mir herschiebe, aber mich noch nie wirklich "ranwagte". Kennt ihr das, wenn der Hype und die Erwartungen an einen Film so enorm sind, dass…  
1016 Now I understand why this is considered by most to be the best film of all time. The acting is top notch and the storytelling is amazing. Michael and Don Vito are such great leads. You truly see Michael’s character change from sweet man to ruthless boss. There are definitely some slow parts but the highs are so dang high. The ending is just wonderful. I am so excited to watch the second part soon! 
1017 Wow. Just WOW. I feel like I wasn’t ready for this. I was ready to say that it was overhyped and didn’t deserve the praise. WAS I WRONG. Seriously if you haven’t seen this yet and you claim to be a cinephile, do yourself a favor and watch it right away. It’s been a while since I was genuinely FLOORED by the end of a film. Cannot wait for Part II, speaking of witch I gotta start it right now! 
1018 ┏┓  ┃┃╱╲ in this┃╱╱╲╲ house╱╱╭╮╲╲ we ▔▏┗┛▕▔     take╱▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔▔╲             the cannoli╱╱┏┳┓╭╮┏┳┓ ╲╲ ▔▏┗┻┛┃┃┗┻┛▕▔ 
1019 I've decided that any boy I date must possess a deep and abiding love for The Godfather. That'll be my way of figuring out just how much taste he's got.My original review still sums up my full thoughts on the film. Needless to say, it was just as elegant and absorbing the second time around. 
1020 "I'm with you now. I'm with you."A movie that you don't just watch, you experience. The bluray presentation is absolutely stunning, making experiencing the film all the more amazing. 
1021 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Im not a fan of what i guess would be considered "organized crime" movies, so im actually surprised i liked this more than i disliked it. i'd say my biggest issue is that even without the long runtime i just felt like it dragged throughout the whole film and a lot of it could have been cutout. there was a lot of scenes where i was pretty confused by what the point of them was,  i feel like all the…   
1022 there is too much to say about this film for me to write a coherent review. it’s just perfect in every way and i will never get sick of watching it. and i’m so in love with 70s al pacino it makes me physically fucking ill he is ethereal 
1023  Parto amanhã para Nova York, pense em um preço.- Filho da puta! Você sabe quem eu sou? Eu sou Moe Greene! Eu fiz meus ossos quando você estava saindo com líderes de torcida!Espere um minuto, Moe, tive uma ideia. Tom, você é o Consiglieri e pode falar com Don Corleone, pode explicar...- Agora espere aí. O Don está semi-aposentado e Mike agora é o responsável pelos negócios da Família. Se você tem algo a dizer, diga a…  
1024  "i'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse"i had incredibly high hopes for this film, and its very safe to say they were DEFINITELY exceeded. what a film man. but first things first, let me just get one thing out the way:MARLON FUCKING BRANDOhis performance in this film was outstanding. there is just something so captivating about his performance; the perfect balance of a family man, ruthless criminal, and a sophisticated gentleman. a very genuine and…  
1025  🔥 ICONIC | MASTERPIECE 🔥3rd Watch | Top 100 | Mafia Ranked If you know me on Letterboxd, chances are you're seen me call The Godfather inferior to its sequel. However, that obviously doesn't mean that you should discredit the epic mafia family drama that transformed cinema. It is one of the few films where people can universally agree that it's one of the greatest movies of all time, if not the greatest. Its reputation is insurmountable and its…  
1026  I just want to congratulate Italian Americans on their successful application to officially become a part of “White People.” As the centerpiece to that application, The Godfather surely has to go down as one of the greatest cover letters of all time. I know the application didn’t fully go through until the final piece of paperwork was submitted (Rocky, 1976), but this really got them to the interview stage.The only minor downside of The Godfather is that it did spawn…  
1027 mr big who? 
1028 what is wrong with me why did i find marlon brando hot in this i have a problem 
1029 "leave the gun, take the cannoli" 
1030 Summer Scavenger Hunt 2022Film 9/25: Watch a Best Picture winnerThe Godfather has been my most anticipated movie since I got into cinema, and it surprisingly passed my expectations. It's an amazing work of art. And I think this movie is so highly rated because it is a rare case where it is a movie every cinephile can like, either if you have a "filmbro taste" or a "pretentious taste".Anyways I don't think I have anything to say about this masterpiece that hasnt been said already for other people.(Part 2 tomorrow perhaps) 
1031  "Just lie here, Pop. I'll take care of you now. I'm with you now... I'm with you."Having finished The Offer last night, I figured I had a vested interest in revisiting this absolute mountain of a movie.In many circles, The Godfather is considered one of the best movies of all time...if not the best.I'm not sure I'm a part of those circles, but goddamn, if this film doesn't pack the punch of a Sicilian woman with a…  
1032 got 90 minutes in before i realized this wasn’t morbius 
1033 This movie is so simply flawless, every scene is effortlessly simple to enjoy; all the characters are easily likeable and the pacing is great (especially since this movie feels way shorter than it’s 3 hour runtime). The story is very intimate and simple and it’s beautiful the family is close and real and loving and it feels like watching a real family it’s great. I don’t have a favourite part of this movie or anything it’s just 5 stars across the board 
1034  Happy 50th anniversary to The Godfather!What can I say? The Godfather is one of the most groundbreaking and influential movies of all time. It has been reference and parodied endlessly to the point someone who hasn’t seen it will recognize that it’s from The Godfather.The film is very well shot and has a great sense of scale. The aesthetic defiantly captures the 40s and 50s with each set piece feeling authentic. Not to mention Nino Rota’s soundtrack elevates…  
1035 A monumental epic that feels remarkably satisfying on first watch, interweaving so much tension and great sequences throughout its length. A truly phenomenal ensemble anchors Coppola's taut direction and the cinematography in Dolby was absolutely exquisite to behold. A movie I'm honestly blown away on too much to write a lot about it; it's rare a film is hyped up your whole life and then exceeds your expectations. The Godfather does though, feeling so ahead of its time that it makes so much sense how it radically altered the course of Hollywood. Elegant and entertaining, this is what the movies are made for. 
1036  Para nosotros, los Corleone son los buenos y las familias rivales son los malos; este es el ambicioso concepto central sobre el que gira toda la película: logra separar a los buenos de los malos en un mundo construido y poblado enteramente por malos.El tema de la familia es obvio y aún así interesante, pero la realidad es que es solo la base de su trama principal que es la ineludibilidad del destino de uno o una mezcla de…  
1037 Watched in the cinema as part of the 50 year celebration of this classic. Striking images, nuanced performances, and it still holds up pretty well. Remarkably watchable and the three hour runtime a breeze to sit through. 
1038  The godfather a classic. 50 years ago it was released and getting to see this on the big screen was brilliant. This film has had lot said about it but from start to it end is just brilliant. Coppola directions perfectly slow build up seeing there would and how the family work. The Music score is so perfect anyone who here it knows we’re it is from even though I haven’t seen the film. The performances brilliant Al Pacino fits…  
1039 Watching This Is In Theaters was a blessing, this has aged like a fine wine.I don’t think there’s much to say about this film that hasn’t been said, it’s one of the best films of all time and the title of being considered "the best” is rightfully earned because this is a timeless film, flawless in all the areas and the influence and importance it has to the history of cinema should always be recognized, people will still watch this in 20 years and it will still be a magnificent film. This was a 4K Remaster and god it looks great on a big screen. 
1040 No tengo idea de cuántas veces la vi. Sin embargo, hoy fue la primera vez que lo hice en una pantalla grande. Particularmente, esta vez pude enfocarme mucho más en el personaje de Robert Duvall. Me pareció que, aunque nunca está en primer plano, es quien organiza toda la dinámica de la película. No hay personaje como el de Tom, es increíble ver cómo las escenas se estructuran en relación a él, sin que nos demos cuenta. Qué veré la próxima vez? Nadie lo sabe, esta película sigue generando sorpresas en quienes la amamos. 
1041  Soooooo much better on rewatch wow this is a masterpiece. The acting, directing, writing etc. Its all just amazing arguable perfect. I could even say this is in my top 4 but I'm having a problem with the my favourite movies list. I feel like my top 4 looks so basic as in jusr movies claimed the best oat put into it so I'm gonna make some changes. I will put 2001 at number 5, I still think of it…  
1042 sexiest film ever….special shout-out to francis ford coppola for pushing to have al pacino as michael even when studio executives did not want him. he visualized al as michael when reading the book and wanted all of us to see him in the flesh!! 
1043  JB's review: 8/10"Loved Al Pacino's character." Agreed, I love the way Michael grows and I'm so used to action as pointless filler that I wasn't expecting The Godfather to be so emotionally charged and inward. All the babies and home cooking certainly add to that feeling. This is truly intelligent, rich-beyond-belief writing that expects an attentive audience. Is there a more satisfying final shot in cinema? So effortless in its flawlessness, it's always apparent that Coppola has complete control…  
1044 This shit is amazing Ye it’s mainstream or “Filmbro” material but idk this movie is like an anime arc It’s perfectThe best movie of all time (on a technical level)Michael Corleone = Greatest character in cinemaMichael’s character arc is as good as someone like Light Yagami’s arcGet Sonny get some black forces 
1045 A masterclass in filmmaking, acting, and storytelling. But what else can I say about The Godfather that hasn't already been said?Cheers to Francis Ford Coppola. 
1046 michael corleone my little meow meow 
1047 does anyone know where to find this? 
1048  Elle est déposée, la maudite maîtrise. J’ai manqué un méchant bout sur Letterboxd. C’est ma première review en 2 mois. Comme je suis un grand amoureux des petits gestes symboliques, il fallait bien que je choisisse un film approprié pour revenir sur ce site. Ça me semble tout naturel que ce soit Le parrain, puisque je pense que toute ma cinéphilie se résume au fond à essayer de retrouver ce que j’ai ressenti la première fois devant ce film. Je…  
1049 Pretty good 
1050 Can't get over it, no matter how many times i've seen it 
1051 Wow - I just watched the Godfather part 1. I already knew it was going to be perfect because of Al Pacino... Everything about the film is just amazing. The directing, editing and acting are just on point. Every day I am watching one of the godfather trilogy! Brilliant film - I have realised how many pop culture references are drawn from this one film. 
1052  This was a major blind spot in my cinema experience corrected. Going in, I had seen the parodies, so I was familiar with Brando's menacing whisper-mumble schtick. I knew that this would be dripping with machismo. What I didn't expect was the overwhelming sadness that lies just beneath the surface for virtually every character in the film. The Godfather is far from celebratory about patriarchy and masculine power structures (which was a real relief). In fact, it shows how men can…  
1053  Throughout the beginning, I felt something extraordinary. I felt I was in the movie. I felt I was part of the film’s universe, I was there at the wedding, I was there at every meeting, at every kill, at every family gathering. The film feels real, the characters feel real, I feel I can surround myself in this world and observe this story, this family and their business. There’s a reason this movie is seen as one of the greatest…  
1054  This is still one of the best films ever made. The cast is great with Marlon Brando able to display so much charisma while also being menancing. A young Al Pacino was the biggest standout to me just like when I saw the movie for the first time. It’s almost like a dark fairy tale about how one character falls from glory as they are trying to fix what the sins of the family has created while another character is…  
1055 Top 100: HereFrick! If I keep watching all these amazing films Robots might drop out of Top 20. But yeah this was pretty fricking spectacular.  I will probably watch part 2 soon. 
1056  Hey guys. This is not really a log. I just wanted to say I am saying goodbye to movies for atleast a couple of years because I am going to do something where I don't need distractions. It's really tough because I love cinema so much but right now I have to let it go. So, my request is I have 7 days left. I want to possibly watch everything I can before I give up on movies for quite…  
1057 This film represents the absolute ethos of what i love in great cinema; this one most completely embodies the romance of going to the moviesRarely is a film this flawless in its execution, technical aspects and performances. This is a 3 hour epic masterpieces that never treads wrongly in its entire running time. From the first gloomily lit frame of "I believe in America" to its final shattering image of the door closing on Kay's distraught face and every indelible occurrence in between, Francis Ford Coppola's magnum opus is a feat of film making that will (hopefully) still be watched 100 years from now. 
1058 FINALLY watched this for the first time after too many years to count and it’s safe to say it just became my favorite movie of all time. Completely mesmerizing and utterly engrossing from the first frame to the last. Total perfection nuff said 
1059 I have witnessed cinema. 9.8/10 
1060 Happy Thanksgiving. Only flaws in this are Pacino's absurdly long lasting black eye and Sunny's missed punch. Other than that it's a perfect masterpiece. 
1061 pretty good 
1062 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  look how they massacred my boy @ Sonny  
1063 a fine piece of cinema with excellent direction,performances and an absolutely amazing score but somehow I expected more? is this really the best film in the entire world? well not to me at least...the scenario lacks of soul & depth in my opinion. Marlon Brando and Al Pacino were iconic to say the least. 
1064 Pour vrai, que dire, à part "wow"? 
1065 I loved when Vito said “mnnmnnmmnn mnnmnnnm, mnmnnmmnnnmm” 
1066  Me: I never have time for anything! All my free time just goes away and I have NO IDEA how it happens.Also Me: Time to watch The Godfather!I liked The Godfather a lot the first time I saw it, but I had a lot of complaints. My main complaints were with the pacing and length because when I saw this I had barely seen any movies and I wasn't used to "long" movies. I truly believe that certain…  
1067  The Godfather is one of those films I never wanted to write about, because the last thing the world needs is another white guy's opinion about one of cinema's most acclaimed masterpieces. Yet here we are, because being consistent isn't among the things I'm particularly known for. But hey, at least it's not going to be another "best movie ever" circle jerk. Here's the thing, I never loved The Godfather. I love mob films, but there was always something about…  
1068 This is my 1000th logged film on letterboxd!! I thought it should be something special so here l am with The Godfather. Marlon Brando did terrible and Francis Ford Coppola cannot direct for pennies. Thank you & good night. 
1069  The few "perfect" films to ever been released are so perfect in every aspect that each scene almost feels like a masterpiece on its own. In the case of Coppola's revolutionary The Godfather, this statement holds especially true. Phenomenal and sheer brilliance in every aspect that cannot be matched by modern "cinema", Coppola's The Godfather is cinematic perfection in every aspect of filmmaking. From performances delivered by an astonding ensemble cast, to Nina Rota's breathtakingly soaring and epic musical score to Coppola's…  
1070  The Godfather (1972) is a masterpiece that I recently rewatched for the first time in a long time on Paramount+. The storyline follows an American mafia family with a Godfather who is a direct descendant from Italy. As the father gets older and close to dying and handing down his power within the family he fields a series of asks, favors and political placement requests for power within the underground world.This movie is directed by Francis Ford Coppola (Apocalypse…  
1071 The Goodmovie 
1072 Obvisouly amazing! The dialogue and cinemotography was great, especially the opening scene. It was such a good introduction to Vito Corleone. The acting was amazing, Marlon Brando and Al Pacino stand out a lot. The downfall of Al Pacino's character is written perfectly. The soundtrack was phenomenal, definetly my favourite bit. I did find some parts confusing as I found it impossible to keep track of characters names. I constantly found myself asking "who the fuck is this guy?" Did just read a summary though and it now makes perfect sense. Overall, flawlessley written and can't wait for part 2. 
1073 A beautiful family drama where the father grapples with business and morals mixed with a coming of age story of one of his sons and the pressures of becoming a man and leader of the family. 
1074  “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse” This is the best movie of all time. This movie is actually flawless, the acting is incredible, the script/screenplay is amazing, the characters are fantastic, the score is amazing, the story telling is amazing, if you have seen the film I want you to say one thing wrong with this movie, the only criticism I’ve seen for this is that the pacing is to slow and it’s boring, yes it’s slow…  
1075  I did it, I can finally say I’ve watched The Godfather and that I LOVE IT (I mean how can I not when within the first 5 minutes Marlon Brando is shown petting a kitten) this has always been one of my parents favorites so I always knew of it but never actually got around to watching it myself. after watching Goodfellas, I asked them what they would recommend next and nearly in sync they both said “THE GODFATHER” and…  
1076  Holds up exactly the same on rewatch. In my eyes, the greatest film ever created. It’s not just a perfect film, it’s THE perfect film. Not much to say that hasn’t already been said. Everyone knows about The Godfather and it’s on everyone’s best films of all time list for a reason. It’s just that good. More than 50 years have passed by and it somehow holds up incredibly well even compared to modern films. Even though it has a…  
1077  Deserves all of the praise it gets, honestly.This isn't just one of the greatest mob films of all time, but also one of the most introspective and influential works of art ever created by us humans as a species. It's incredible how much of a cinematic accomplishment it is in terms of its exceptional cinematography, profound acting, intricate dialogue, and the increasingly swelling score along with its brilliantly-written story and characters.In spite of a few overly dramatised moments…  
1078 Trigger warning: Italians, gabbagool 
1079  Okay, I get it. I update this with a new review pretty much every day and have watched nearly 1000 films, yet you may notice that there isn’t a “rewatched” logo next to this film. I’ve watched so many movies even I struggle to keep track of what I haven’t watched, but the biggest hole in my cinematic endeavours is that I have never actually sat down and watched The Godfather. My friend once said to get to 1000 films…  
1080 i watched this because i have a reallyyyy good attention span and i’m reallyyyyyy good at watching long movies,it’s actually what I’m known for 
1081 Is it true?No.The slow and winding descent of a man becoming a devil incarnate. A film that transcends generations and genres, instead implanting into the world’s DNA. The Godfather is so ubiquitous with culture, it’s power is inescapable. For years, I wondered why. I enjoyed the film but was not enamored like so many around me. Seeing it in a theater forced me to understand. It’s like I’ve been baptized and born again. As perfect as films can get, and then some. 
1082 Tudo bem que não é difícil criar empatia por um vilão e os últimos anos tão aí pra demonstrar isso, mas poucos atores na história conseguiram criar uma vulnerabilidade tão pungente sobre um personagem tão maléfico como o Marlon Brando com o Vito Corleone nas cenas imediatamente posteriores à morte do Sonny. 
1083 💯100%Yeah seeing this in a 4K theater was an absolute treasure. I’m actually a little upset that this wasn’t my first time watching it, because imagine seeing this for the first time in a theater. That’s be awesome. 
1084 My mom was snoring through the movie (her 5000th watch basically) until she saw and remembered Diane Keaton was in it and then she just sat there with her eyes wide open. 
1085 My Fourth Watch:(Rewatched in the cinema for its 50th anniversary re-release)Wow! Truly one of the greatest cinema experiences of my entire life. This film is perfection personified. I really wish I had something new to bring to the table in terms of discussion for this film but I really don’t. Instead, I’m just going to tell you stuff you already knew: Brando is legendary, Pacino is a revelation and seeing the progression of his character, Michael Corleone is truly something to behold, the cinematography is gorgeous and the script is magnificent; would you expect any less from ‘The Godfather’ ? 
1086 Creo que no voy a poder superar nunca esta experiencia de haberla visto en el cine, es la película más grande que existe. Que la dejen para siempre en la cartelera. 
1087 Yeah okay. It’s as good as they say. 
1088  A cena crucial da trilogia "O Poderoso Chefão" é a conversa que Michael tem com o seu pai no jardim, ainda no primeiro filme. Aparentemente, o drama de Michael reside no confronto entre a vontade de não pertencer ao universo criminoso da família e a avalanche de acontecimentos que o leva para dentro do redemoinho familiar, do qual ele gostaria de sair. No entanto, na cena da conversa, numa disposição bergmaniana de faces e reflexos, fica claro que ter um…  
1089 al pacino was actually so very sick and twisted so deranged so insane for just going around looking like that 
1090 what can I say? I could spend one hundred more hours watching these big men drink out of their small cups 
1091  An offer I can’t refuse. To no surprise there is everything to unpack with this mobster juggernaut. An “all-time great work” feels like an understatement - as much as I still have to digest this behemoth of a film. The Godfather is one of the most powerful pieces of cinema I’ve had the opportunity of viewing. It’s a patiently constructed saga of heritage and family, wrapped in the mise-en-scène’s grandeur; the sheer presence of the engulfing lightwork, elegant production, and the incredibly…  
1092 What can I say about this that hasn’t been said so many times? Went in with no knowledge of the events within, came out very pleased with what I saw. I’d like to know what makes it a perfect 10 for most people. Performances were fantastic along with the writing being phenomenal! 
1093 i FINALLY watched it......yeah the way i'm a sucker for film bro movies is my biggest character flaw.....also it's crazy to watch the godfather at age 19 because you realize how many sayings/cultural references/etc you've been hearing your whole life are actually attributed to the godfather and aren't just colloquial englishEdit 3yrs later I want to delete this but feel like I can’t 
1094  i was actually somewhat nervous going into this film. it's such a mythic piece of cinema; it's so entrenched in our culture itself. it's long runtime is also a bit of a drawback, but thankfully every shot and scene was important to this broader story of downfall and rising. this is the perfect period piece. the grain of the film, the colors, and the iconic soundtrack– you're so solidly in this world. the screenplay is fantastic. beyond iconic lines that…  
1095 Was going to write a whole review, but everybody's seen it, and knows it's great. so 
1096  Last Friday, Dutch director Martin Koolhoven showed a couple of scenes from the Godfather is his weekly film-college program at the Dutch public broadcast service. Last weeks subject was American Gangsters, but he quickly dropped everything he planned and went for The Godfather instead. he showed four scenes in which the transformation of Michael Corleone from an outsider to his family to his father's heir. Most of the times, if you see a single scene you watch it and you…  
1097 Uhh wow. It really is one of the best movies ever made. 
1098  "Don Corleone..."If there is a film that will be called the objectively best film of all time, I would absolutely be content with Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather being that candidate. It's THE perfect film; it practically doesn't even feel like a film, more like an experience. It's got everything anyone could ever want in a movie: drama, suspense, justice, Sicilian culture, you name it. The performances are all phenomenal, the cinematography is impeccable, the script, as well as…  
1099 Play the score of this movie at my funeral please and thank you. 
1100 Obviously not the hottest take on this website, but literally every scene in this 3 hour movie is the coldest shit ever. 
1101 So few things of interest happen in this film that it's entirely a testament to Coppola's precision and immaculate mise en scene this gets even halfway off the ground. And then it goes the full distance. 
1102 G.O.A.T. 
1103 Is The Godfather, umm… underrated?? Sometimes I read takes zagging on this flat-out masterpiece, but that has to be for the sake of controversy, right? Can anyone really watch this and go ‘meh’? I guess to each their own, but to me that’s an insane position to take. Watching this again on the big screen cemented the fact that “I believe in America” remains the greatest opening line of any movie ever. That’s just a fact. More thoughts here. 
1104 I knew Santino was going to have to go through all this and Fredo... well, Fredo was... But I, I never wanted this for you. I work my whole life, I don't apologize, to take care of my family. And I refused to be a fool dancing on the strings held by all of those big shots. That's my life, I don't apologize for that. But I always thought that when it was your time, that you would be the one to hold the strings. Senator Corleone, Governor Corleone, something. There wasn't enough time... Michael. There just wasn't enough time. 
1105 Lol me la vi otra vez en menos de 1 semana...me estaré volviendo loco? 😳 
1106  It was beautiful to finally write that title in Docs when starting this review but that was about the only thing I could write until I came up with this excuse of a review. Well, don’t mean to sound like that because I wanna take the time to remember my grandma who died when I was 10 which was 9 and a half years ago. I wish I got to know her better. My grandpa said she was extremely knowledgeable…  
1107 Another one that I’m glad I finally got around to...Really good. The 3 hour run time was a smooth ride, the plot is engaging, the twins and turns hit hard, and the characters are killer. My personal fav is Robert Duvall’s Tom Hagen.Is it just me or have the Letterboxd servers been on the fritz for awhile now? 
1108 The Godfather is, without a doubt, pure brilliance. Not only is the acting from Pacino, Brando, Caan, and Duvall some of the best I've seen, but the elegant direction and flow of the story make this crime drama the true gem many hail it to be. It's thought-provoking, intense, shocking, and beautiful. A true hallmark of the film industry. 
1109  This is the third year in a row, watching The Godfather in hopes of loving it. The first two times I just didn't like it, let alone love it. I feel like the 0.01%. So here I am, hoping the third time is the charm, even though ironically that isn't the case with The Godfather Trilogy since nobody like Part III.First off I want to say I love Brando, but why is his voice so raspy in The Godfather?…  
1110 this might actually be the greatest film i have ever watched. 
1111 Men. 
1112 “A man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man”. 
1113 A genuine masterpiece. A lightning in the bottle picture where every element, every performer, every word truly fires on all cylinders.First time watching the spectacular 4K restoration — first viewing over-all for, probably, 10-15 years. 
1114 Fucking flawless 
1115 "Revenge is a dish best served cold, but loyalty is the bond that keeps empires standing." 
1116 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “El Padrino" me parece un film notable, pero personalmente encuentro que es la película más sobrevalorada. No porque esté muy sobrevalorada, sino porque está sobrevalorada por muchos.La vi por primera vez, y no encontré ninguna escena, ningún pasaje, ningún diálogo, ninguna actuación, ningún plano, ni ningún momento que haya quedado fascinado. Nada. Es toda la película notable, sin errores, muy bien hecha, pero no hay nada que me haya asombrado, sorprendido, extasiado, golpeado o cualquier otro verbo o adjetivo…   
1117 This film has a really cool Zootropolis reference. 
1118  "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse." Bueno ¿Que voy a decir yo sobre esta película? Si, es una masterclass de storytelling, de dirección, de actuación y mi aspecto favorito aquí que fue la fotografía.Se que la iluminacion es algo muy cuidado en cualquier producción, pero aquí en específico hay algo que hace que me parezca increíble, la iluminación en esta película crea gran parte de su identidad, especialmente en las escenas de la oficina de Vito…  
1119  My first viewing of the first two Godfather movies were terrible. I wasn’t in the right mood to watch two very long movies. My mindset while watching them was thinking these are two of the greatest movies ever made according to everyone. So when I got to watching them, I found them to be exactly the opposite of great. I was actually pretty hateful of these movies for a long time, and whenever someone would bring them up in conversation I…  
1120 Blew me away once again, this time on the big screen. "I believe in America" 
1121  This is my 3000th film logged. I figured there was no better time to watch this juggernaut. It was a shameful blind spot, and this year happens to be its 50th anniversary besides.It was amazing to think I could watch this movie now and still be surprised by some of the plot developments. This film is one of the most heavily referenced in our popular culture. even now.I'd expect my opinion of The Godfather will only strengthen with…  
1122 Whenever Marlon Brando spoke I held my breath, quieted my thoughts, listened intently. Partially because he’s a compelling actor who demands attention when he’s on screen. Mostly because I couldn’t understand a word he was saying. 
1123 المعنى الحقيقي لل Masterpiece. 
1124  I don't really feel like talking about film right now but this was a much better rewatch, although I think there were some things that weren't as good as the first time. I definitely saw a few new flaws and I think the arc isn't as well done as I had been thinking of it as. I also think Brando, although a great performance, doesn't quite live up to the greatness that everyone says it has. But that's all the…  
1125 I mean people ain’t wrong when they say this is one of the greatest pieces of cinema there is. Everything from the cinematography, the beautiful scores and of course the acting from Marlon Brando and Al Pacino. Watching Michael’s story from patriotic war hero to ruthless new head of the Corleone family is so well done, with the Baptism scene truly being the symbol of Michael’s rebirth and transformation into the next ‘Godfather’. A true staple of the Mafia genre. 
1126  What, exactly, can I say about The Godfather that hasn't already been said thousands of times over? That it's one of the few movies that lives up to its reputation? That Marlon Brando was the GOAT? That Al Pacino gives a great performance? That Francis Ford Coppola proved to be a great director with this? That cinematographer Gordon Willis knew how to use shadows and nighttime to his advantage? I could say all of that, but at this point, it's…  
1127 99Dunkacchino 
1128 Do you denounce Satan?I do.Watched this in theaters, at my local arthouse, with my parents who’d never seen it before. Best possible way to watch this. I already loved it, but I realize now that both it and it’s sequel are even better than I’d given them credit for. It’s like a whole other film on rewatch, and especially in theaters. Just magical. 
1129 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Saw it in the theater.The best part is how menacing Michael is by the end despite being 5 foot 6  
1130 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I watched this with a friend who fell asleep thirty minutes in and woke up for the last thirty minutes. This is his review: “When I went to sleep Micheal was a normal guy, but when I woke up he’s just murdering everyone.”  
1131 al pachichi my little guy!!!! can’t believe i saw this in theaters 
1132 INMENSODel lat. immensus.1. adj. Muy grande o muy difícil de medir o contar.2. adj. Que no tiene medida, infinito o ilimitado; y en este sentido es epíteto propio de Dios y de sus atributos.3. The Godfather 
1133 Peter Griffin is a fucking idiot. 
1134 FINALLY WATCHED THIS! Obviously a masterclass in film making and an iconic piece of cinema but I’d be lying if I said this was an easy watch. It’s super long and I wasn’t engaged nearly as much as I was hoping. However, by the end it all clicked. It’s kinda hard not to appreciate this monster of film. 
1135 i put this on without saying anything so that every member of my family could come into the room individually, look at the screen, and sigh in disappointment. no one ever forced me to watch godfather growing up so i'm just trying to make up for lost time what's wrong w that!!shoutout to james caan for being built like an ape. biggest shoulders in new york 
1136 Absolutely slaps. Nothing more to say except the baptism scene might be one of the best sequences of all time, and Michael Corleone is the hottest man to ever live. 
1137 9/10A little bit overrated 
1138 al pacino: *is on screen*me: *giggles* *twirls hair* *barks* *starts panting and sweats profusely* 
1139 10th time watching who else got scared.... 
1140 Rewatch this A. W. E. S. O. M. E Movie 
1141 Poor horsey 😢 
1142 It's no goodfellas but it's still pretty good. 
1143 An all-time favorite. This thing just keeps getting better each time I watch it. 
1144 this is just like that one scene from zootopia 
1145  Since Francis Ford Coppola’s new cut of The Godfather Part III has been released, me and my brother thought it would be great to rewatch all of them before watching the new one. He has only seen this first one before so it’ll be fun to see what he thinks of the sequels!This film is just perfect, it doesn’t matter how many times I see it. This is a flawless piece of art that CANNOT be remade, and I…  
1146 Setelah meyakinkan diri untuk nonton film yang berdurasi 142 menit, akhirnya menaikkan durasi ke 175 menit huahahahah. Barangkali besok pilih yang 238 menit itu👀 (read; Gone With The Wind)Sorry jajaja but i'm kinda easily get bored but if its truly a gem then i'm in 
1147 Leave the gun. Take the canoli.This is now a Clemenza stan account, that man is the real MVP of the film. He respects the family business and the family sauce. 
1148  What can be said about The Godfather that hasn’t been said already? It’s absolutely riveting from start to finish. Coppola’s direction is top notch, and the cast is one of the best in film history. I’d heard Marlon Brando was a great actor, but this was the first film of his I've seen the entirety of and this is one of the most deserved Best Actor Oscar wins in movie history. Absolutely masterful performance. Without going into spoilers, I will…  
1149  93A brilliant juxtaposition of familial sympathies and gun-waving, blood soaked grit, FFC’s three hour initial step into cemented film history is one that lives up to virtually every one of its exhausted accolades. From its Christmastime aesthetic highs to the dimly lit enthralling hospital sequence to the nostalgic film-grainy wides of the beautiful Sicily rural, everything is leavened with a certain amount of craftsmanship and filmic pride, making it abundantly clear that Coppola lacked absolutely nothing in the dedication…  
1150  i’ve been avoiding this since forever, for three reasons: the subject of the film itself is on the unappealing side to me; its gigantic reputation made me afraid of it being unjustified and afraid of not liking it; and the long running time and the fact that are three of them were just too good of an excuse for my laziness.god.god. why did i take so long?it’s amazing, unbelievable almost. technically it’s impeccable. the cinematography and soundtrack…  
1151 No movie is perfect. They can never capture reality as it truly is. But The Godfather is the closest thing we have to perfection. 
1152 How much of what we believe to know about the Mafia is based in fact, and how much of it do we owe to this movie? 
1153 is it possible to rate this more than 5 stars? i think im gonna have to talk with the letterboxd admins about that. 5 stars just ain't enough for this PURE CINEMATIC MASTERPIECEprobably the best thing to have ever come out in film history for the last century. bar none. that's right i went there boooiim still in awe 
1154 "I believe in America." 
1155 You haven't truly experienced The Godfather until you see it on the big screen.It's beautiful.With that being said....GET THE FUCK IN MY TOP 10 
1156  there's definitely a reason for the endless praise the godfather gets. well, a lot of reasons. the intimate look at family, the interesting comparisons to a capitalist society, the stunning cinematography and soundtrack, the amazing acting...my personal favorite thing is how it basically serves as a coming of age story for michael, only replace the usual sexual frustration with violence. a lot of violence. very dark stuff. both in tone and in a literal sense. the use of shadows…  
1157 Look Ma I've finally watched The Godfather! 
1158  "I believe in America."I first saw THE GODFATHER at age 13. Despite much of the complexities of the story going over my head, my little brain knew it had seen a film that seemed more "sacred" than normal movies. Much of it was the cinematography, though I didn't know the word at the time. If this had been a book, it would have been a book written on golden pages. Something about the film and its storytelling and visuals…  
1159  Better than people make it out to be, The Godfather deserves a tad more recognition in my humble opinion. Only 99% on Rotten Tomatoes, 2nd highest on IMDB, top average rating on Letteboxd, 4 out of 4 Roger Ebert and Timeout's 2nd best movie of all time behind Toostie… everybody’s a critic right? Well time to give some long overdue credit. There's a lot of flavour on offer, the opening scenes are immense and Pacino and Brando are mesmerising. I…  
1160 Dumbed down version of The Brothers Karamazov. 
1161  Such a freaking classic. Don Vito Corleone: You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?. the godfather to me is a bloody brilliant masterpiece of a film and people may say it is not they cup of tea and am okay with that but this movie changed the way that I thought of movies, the story is about a man called Don Vito Corleone who has this big family…  
1162 I saw it, FINALLY!Great and powerful. Everything else has been said already. 
1163 Everybody talks about this movie constantly as one of the classics, and everybody is right. 
1164 It insist upon itself 
1165 but can james caan do the can can? 
1166 Sério, sem palavras, uma obra prima, um filmaço, puta que pariu, que final, caralhoDireção impecável de Francis Ford Coppola, atuações incríveis... Roteiro espetacular, e uma TRILHA SONORA DO CARALHONão consigo ver nenhum defeito, é arrastado? Sim, mas não me incomodouTalvez... Este... Seja... O melhor filme da HISTÓRIA"Um homem que não se dedica a família, não é um homem de verdade""Eu vou fazer uma oferta irrecusável""Veja como massacraram meu garoto" 
1167 Why does this poster exist?? Not complaining though... 
1168  Vito Corleone: eine Performance für die EwigkeitWie stelle ich mir einen Mafiaboss vor? Meine Antwort: Marlon Brando als Vito Corleone. Kein anderer Gangster hat mein Bild so sehr geprägt wie Brando, dank seinem brillianten Schauspiel und Auftreten.Darüber hinaus prägt Brandos Corleone auch die fiktiven Gangster seither. So stand der Pate bereits Pate für Carmine Falcone in The Batman und Long Halloween, Don Calzone in Chip und Chap, Tony in The Sopranos oder Salvatore Leone in GTA III. Doch…  
1169 Cinema in its most refined form. This embodies everything I love about cinema. Im in absolute awe! 
1170 sonny my beloved 💔💔💔💔💔 the way they shot this on film making every frame the most beautiful thing i've ever laid my eyes upon... 
1171 "Leave the gun, take the cannoli." No matter how many years have passed this film is the perfect example of a true classic. A true masterpiece! 
1172 blackmailing Sony into funding Sam Raimi’s Spider-Man 4 by gatekeeping my unique and original opinions on The Godfather 
1173 Now I’m so glad that every time that I tried to watch The Godfather something got in the way because that means that I ended up watching it for the first time in a movie theater with my best friend ❤️.Also lol at me for thinking that The Godfather was some kind of obtuse, metaphorical title when in reality Don Corleone is just a literal godfather. 
1174 Too many Italians 
1175 forced my sister to watch this so she could understand my love for al pacino but she fucking fell asleep 15 minutes in and then left to go to bed right before the sicily scenes needless to say i will not be speaking to her 
1176  The first time I watched THE GODFATHER was when it aired Thanksgiving weekend 2002 on VH-1. Whenever they cut to commercial, they would have a a celebrity quoting their favorite line, and the worst one was Jon Bon Jovi saying "leave the gun. Take the cannoli."* The smug little smile on his pretty plastic face will forever haunt my dreams.That I can still watch this on a semi regular basis without suffering intense psychological flashback trauma is a testament…  
1177 It's The Godfather. There's nothing I can say about it that hasn't been said already. I absolutely loved it and it deserves the hype it gets. 
1178 "It's not personal, Sonny. It's strictly business."I'm not sure what I can say about this movie what isn't already said before.The score, the cast .. what Corpola created is one of the most iconic movies out there. Endlessley scenes to quote and to love. Are there still people out there who didn't watched this yet? Seriously .. go see the reviews and watch it .. 
1179 take the cannoli 
1180 I've always said I don't like The Godfather as much as most people, and not as much as some people think I should, but each time I watch it, it grows on me a little more. Today's re-watch was a refresher to prepare me for the sequels which I've never seen. I liked it more today than I ever have, so maybe I'm finally coming around.Ron's recommendation: Must see. 
1181  I believe in America. America has made my fortune. And I raised my daughter in the American fashion. I gave her freedom but I taught her never to dishonor her family. She found a "boy friend," not an Italian. She went to the movies with him. She stayed out late. I didn't protest. Two months ago he took her for a drive, with another boy friend. They made her drink whiskey and then they tried to take advantage of her.…  
1182 They should remake this but with The Muppets 
1183 living in utah is so wild like the other day i heard a grown man unironically call this “the goshfather” 
1184 what a fantastic film, such a shame it isn’t classified as forever iconic masterpiece of cinema 
1185 IMDB Top 250 Movie #2: The GodfatherI just love this movie:) no reason whatsoever! I mean, actually, what’s not to love?!!😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨 
1186 They blessed us with Al Pacino in a uniform… the female gaze did its thing in the 70s 
1187  "Look how they massacred my boy"Took me forever to finally watch but here I am now. What a masterpiece. I love the first half then the second drags but that fine. Marlon Brando is perfect as Vito Corleone. He steals the show in every scene. Al Pacino is also really good. The whole vibe of this movie is beautiful. It is so different from what I expected. I'm still debating whether I like this or Apocalypse Now more. I…  
1188 real cinema was made in 1972 with this film100 Favourite Films 
1189  Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.Francis Ford Coppola's magnum opus — a realm of unparalleled grandeur and sophistication. It is an opulent feast, meticulously crafted by his directorial genius.I remember watching this when I was younger and not understanding a thing. This is my second time watching it and I feel like it’s impossible for me to not appreciate this incredible crowning jewel of the Hollywood Renaissance. Every frame bursts with visual splendor, adorned with majestic costumes, meticulous…  
1190  100% - A+“And I refused to be a fool dancing on the strings held by all those big shots. I don’t apologize. That’s my life.”Finally.Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather has been checked off the watchlist.Even before I began my film journey and was eating up marvel movies like most young kids do, I knew about this film. Everybody did. I was even familiar with the iconic lines, like “look how they massacred my boy” or “I’ll…  
1191 مشهد الكنيسة و اغتيال رؤساء العائلات الخمسة من اكتر المشاهد اللي عُمري ما هنساها. 
1192  That’s my family, Kay. It’s not meThe Godfather is.. a lot. I know it’s slow, especially on first viewing. I know it’s long as hell, and you definitely feel it. But it’s worth it, in the end, as Francis Ford Coppola delivers a masterpiece of a film, which is so well done, it’s utterly fantastic. I’ve seen my share of 3h movies over the years (Avatar, The Batman, King Kong, etc) but this is one of the finest yet.…  
1193 Bem a minha terceira ou quarta vez assistindo e nunca perde o fator OBRA-PRIMA. É Cinema em seu estado mais puro, obrigada Coppola 🛐O trabalho de luz e sombra, o fim do sonho americano, a decadência da mafia e o surgimento de uma nova era de onde menos se espera. 
1194  idk it’s definitely good but after having seen Scorsese’s Goncharov idk if the godfather is deserving of “greatest mafia movie ever made.” it is interesting to me how the cultural reexamination of Goncharov is something we never once did with the godfather, which has always been untouchable brilliance in the eyes of all who see it. and yet the movies are so similar- the story and tragedy behind Goncharov and how it got forgotten makes me wonder if the Godfather…  
1195  “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse” Growing up in an Italian household you are told about this movie as a child and always asked if you have watched it yet by your entire family and the day you eventually do is a landmark moment in your life. This is my fourth time watching the Godfather, my first rewatch in three years, it is one of those rare perfect movies that doesn’t have a single flaw.  Marlon…  
1196 “And may their child be a masculine child.”Family business is an oxymoron. Feels proto-Mann in its analysis of the job corrupting intimacy & the destructive implosion of masculine roles. Clemenza’s the goat 
1197 I never usually trust my dad with movie recommendations but fair to say he was right about this film.  
1198 This Movie Was Amazing And Perfect In Every Way 
1199 “Well let me tell you something, my kraut mick friend…”Masterpiece, obvs. I’ve seen this movie sooooo many times at this point but it never ceases to amaze me how god damn funny Jack Woltz is. He’s in three scenes and everything he says and does is an absolute riot. KHARTOUMMMMMM!!!!Say what you want about Sollozzo and his drug business, but I really appreciate that he gives his driver positive feedback after they pull a U-turn on the George Washington Bridge to lose Michael’s tail. We cannot help but stan that kind of nurturing leadership. 
1200 Imagine if Sonny Corleone had been driving a car equipped with an E-ZPass. 
1201 *Marge Simpson voice* Look how they massacred my boy 
1202 Um es mit den treffenden Worten meines werten Podcast-Partners Jakob auf den Punkt zu bringen:Nachdem man den Paten gesehen hat, hat man erstmal keine Lust auf andere Filme. Dass sich überhaupt irgendwer getraut hat nochmal ne Kamera in die Hand zu nehmen nach diesem Film. 
1203 Doesn’t get better than seeing this on the big screen. A masterpiece that deserves every bit of praise it gets. 
1204 i miss succession 
1205 50th anniversary restoration baby! #gabagool 
1206 Marlon Brando wheeze 
1207  Yo me imagino que un día como cualquiera Francis Ford Coppola se levantó a la mañana, desayunó tranquilo y dijo para sus adentros: "todo muy lindo con los hippies Fonda y Hopper, todo bien con Nicholas Ray y Cassavetes, pero esto es Estados Unidos de América y acá narramos toda la vida de una manera. Eso tiene que volver a ser así". Para eso hizo El Padrino. Afirmar que es la mejor de la Historia implica necesariamente omitir la inmensa…  
1208 Can't work, Can't sleep, Love theme from The Godfather keep echoing in my head 24×7🤧🎧🎶 
1209 I'm probably gonna write a long review at some point explaining why this ,along with part 2, is my favourite film of all time. For now, you already know why this film is great. 
1210  When a family patriarch barely escapes his own life, his own son plants bloody revenge.Well, this was quite the jump from the last movie I've watched. I'll be truthfully honest, not my kind of movie, but apparently, this is the quintessential "Filmbro" movie that I had to check out. One dreary Thursday after online class, I've decided randomly, "Hey, let me go watch The Godfather just to see what the hubbub about."Like Citizen Kane, this film wasn't gonna go…  
1211 Orange ya glad Michael doesn’t eat fruit? 
1212 I don’t know how to objectively rate The Godfather anymore. It’s truly iconic and not in the loose way kids today throw around that word. It’s universally beloved by all men, young and old. It’s got so many great one-liners. The music is romantic, yet chilling. I think what I admire most about it is it’s confidence. 
1213  My introduction to The Godfather came from a guy selling pizza. Tagline: "A pizza you can't refuse."People like me who came of age after The Godfather was published and made into a movie knew these works first by the imitations and parodies they inspired. I saw tons of comedians imitate Brando's performance before I ever actually saw Brando himself. I saw lots of knockoffs and appropriations of Coppola's style long before I saw the movie they were borrowing/stealing from.…  
1214 i can fix him guys i’m serious 
1215  “but i never wanted this for you.” always catch myself astounded at the visceral beauty that is The Godfather. it feels so brutally personal, meticulously structured, powerfully quiet. michael corleone makes one of my most favorite characters ever—the tragedies that invoke his realization into what he has to be, into what he becomes. a corruption of the soul, but also an awakening of darkness that has long been underlying. vito’s love and favor for him takes form in ambitious dreams…  
1216 sonny beating up carlo😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 
1217 I think we can have an honest discussion about how much of that wedding scene was truly necessary.The ending is very possibly the best scene ever filmed. 
1218 putting pictures of michael corleone in italy inside a heart shaped locket and never taking it off 
1219  Watched on Blu-Ray Like his colleagues and friends Steven Spielberg and George Lucas, Francis Ford Coppola belongs to a generation of cultural figures whose place in film history is unchallenged and who played a decisive role in shaping the medium of film during the turbulent 1960s and 1970s. In the search for filmmakers who would attract that same new generation of moviegoers to the theatres, the still very young Coppola was given the directing job on the adaptation of Mario…  
1220 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I mean, yeah it’s The Godfather. It’s pretty fantastic. Before you ask; no, this isn’t a perfect film. In fact, there’s no such thing. However, a few continuity errors and some dated sound design issues don’t stop Coppola’s first Best Picture winner from being one of the finest films ever made. Excellent cinematography from Gordon Willis, thought not his best work, I adore what he does with lighting, opting to light from above to to illuminate the eyes of the…   
1221 michael whoreleone 
1222 very good! did not expect that! 
1223  XANGA Round 6 – Film 1This film was also a part of my Letterboxd Seasonal Challenge 6 - Letterboxd Top 250 Week"Don't ever ask me about my business"Suddenly all the film and TV references and parodies make more sense no I’ve watched one of cinema’s most Iconic films. I can’t fault this on a technical level everything works so smoothly to make the atmosphere of the mood and story come together, the great score and set designs,…  
1224 Best Picture Binge Project Week 7If you see me in the Sonny/Tom Hagen tag on ao3 no you didn't ♥ 
1225 I mean it’s GOOD but not that Good. Like have you ever played EA’s PS2 game The Godfather? Now that’s something! 
1226 the plot of the movie is : al pacino sexy 
1227 five stars bc michael corleone is sexy 
1228 The only issue I had with the film is that the time jumps weren't made very clear. It's spanned over a period of ten years and there were quite a few instances where I found the film hard to follow because it does have these sudden jumps through the years without much effort of making you aware. Otherwise, yes, it was splendid! What is recognised as one of the all-time greats I think is rightfully so. I feel no need to go beyond that. 
1229 Finally watched this masterpiece. 
1230  The Godfather has always been one of those blind spots for me. I have always wanted to watch it but that damn runtime of 2hrs 58mins was intimidating me, and trust me I saw how acclaimed it was. All I can say is, believe the hype, no actually it surpasses it! The Godfather respectfully deserves the spot of the best film ever made! The acting is perfect from its entire cast especially Marlon Brando and Al Pacino; both bringing their…  
1231 Estuve todo un día pensando en que escribir como review porque me parece que el film se lo merece, pero me rindo. Mi reseña es: Al Pacino por favor cojeme. 
1232 EVEN BETTER ON A REWATCH!“Look how they massacred my boy.” 
1233  One of the all time classics of cinema, one of the greatest films ever made, and during one of the greatest five film streaks of all time. Imagine doing “The Rain People”, then “The Godfather”, then “The Conversation”, then “The Godfather Part 2”, then capping it off with “Apocalypse Now”. It’s a complete miracle that Francis Ford Coppola was able to finally make a complete masterpiece of cinema and able to instantly go up to legendary status with this film.…  
1234  It’s still a great film, however I think I have to bump it out of my top 4. The actual contents of the film can be a bit unoriginal. However, Marlon Brando is an absolute legend as The Godfather. Al Pacino was great portraying Michael. The actual base of this film is really interesting because it’s about the mob which was actually a huge part of America during that time. The horse head scene was actually really entertaining and my…  
1235  A grandly poetic tale — its grainy, amber-hued images like faded photographs brought to life in memory, a mythical quality that justifies the air of romanticism and the ridiculously over-the-top toll booth scene. What stuck out to me on this watch is how richly Coppola and Puzo steep the epic saga in small moments of humanity (the no-nonsense Tom Hagen cracking an amused smile when The Don mimics a crying movie star, Enzo The Baker’s hands trembling after an intense…  
1236 Only don't tell me you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry.1. Vito Carleone shed a tear after Michael hid him and told him « I'll take care of you now, I'm with you » and so did I2. « Look how they massacred my boy » so sad really really sad, the saddest part is me realizing moments before his death that it was actually James Caan3. His fist in his mouth when Santino noticed her sister's face really I felt that 
1237 Finally got around to seeing it, it feels impossible to give this anything lower than a 5 star. It lived up to my expectations even with the amount of constant praise on Imdb, Letterboxd and essentially everywhere else on the internet 
1238  العراب” هو فيلم جريمة أمريكي من إخراج “فرانسيس فورد كوبولا” مبني على رواية “ماريو بوزو” والتي هي ايضا بمسمى “العراب” الفيلم من بطولة مارلون براندو وآل باتشينو وجيمس كان وروبرت دوفال والتي تدور أحداثه حول إحدى أقوى عصابات مدينة نيويورك، فيلم العراب يعد أحد أفضل الافلام في تاريخ السينما والافضل في في تصنيف “العصابات”، وحسب التصنيف الشهير للمعهد الامريكي للسينما يعد العراب “ثاني” أعظم فيلم في امريكا بعد فيلم “المواطن كين”، الفيلم فاز بثلاث جوائز أوسكار من ضمنها أفضل فيلم،…  
1239  Finally after 6,660 days alive on this planet, I decided to watch this masterpiece that everyone had been talking so much about. Why did I wait so long to watch it, maybe it's because I didn't feel like I was ready yet to watch it but also because it's now my 1000th film I've seen on Letterboxd.Did I like it? Well yes of courseDid I love it? Not reallyI think the film has a lot to offer…  
1240  This is the Godfather of American Classics. Francis Ford Coppola is a master craftsman. I can only imagine what Scorsese must have thought of this when he saw it in theaters. This film was on the precipice of a major shift in American Cinema.The production design in this film is beautiful, with a simplistically dark color palette, like a painting of the old 'American Dream.' It's use of shadow and sprawling-takes help to define the somber tone. The sound design is…  
1241  Man, I am glad I watched this again!I saw The Godfather 3 years ago for the first time. Then, I did not like it very much... I thought it was too long and not special. And Boy was I wrong!The Godfather is a cinematic masterpiece! Francis Ford Coppola achieved something magnificent here. Something that will always be considered as one of the greatest!Normally, I have problems with movies that long. But not here. The story caught and…  
1242 Epos. Meisterwerk. Alles was ich an der Kunstform Film liebe. Vielleicht der Beste, der je auf die Leinwand gebracht wurde. 
1243 that cinematography!!!!!!!!!!! the shadows!!!!!!!! not to sound like an old white lady but that shit breathtaking bro 
1244 Cinema at its peak. 
1245 freakin flawless 
1246 Saw how long this movie was and thought I'd guarantee fall asleep halfway through but I managed to stay lucid and engaged throughout the whole thing lmao. Baptism scene was bussin. Can't wait to watch the second one where hopefully there's a lot more gabagool. 
1247 i wonder if diane keaton ever forgets she was in this, because sometimes i do, and then im like holy shit! diane keaton was in the godfather 
1248 Marlon Brando's accent is perfection 
1249 This is cinema's equivalent to theater's Shakespeare or Goethe: a timeless classic and a testament for the art.💯100%A+AwesometacularBetter Than Sex 
1250 suddenly i’m on my way to get a cannoli 
1251 wish my baptism was as lit 
1252 Imagine not rating this 5/5. A masterpiece. 
1253 well now i’ve seen the godfather 
1254 A super fun, lighthearted and uplifting family friendly movie 🥰🥰 
1255 Al Pacino hot 
1256 You could recreate this entire movie shot-for-shot from how many times it’s been parodied on The Simpsons 
1257 3 weddings and 50 funerals 
1258  Der Inbegriff einer gut durchdachten, perfekt komponierten Story! Ein Meisterwerk! Jeder Charakter hat eine gewisse Tiefe oder ist zumindest interessant. Die 3 Stunden vergehen wie im Flug und ehe man sich versieht rollt schon der Abspann über den Bildschirm. Alles, wirklich alles ist hier bis auf's feinste Detail überarbeitet und perfektioniert. Selbst die praktischen Effekte bei den zahlreichen Morden in diesem Film sehen schockieren echt und brutal aus! Die Szene wo Michael den Türken und den Polizeichef erlegt? Verdammt blutig,…  
1259 How do I add movies to my watchlist 
1260 al pacino is truly the love of my life 
1261 The greatest opening in history without any doubt 
1262 Yes, I've watched this for the first time today... but I did read the book beforehand. SO WHO'S CULTURED NOW, HUH?!?!That said, The Godfather is beyond great and an astonishing piece of filmmaking. It even improves on its (also great!) source novel.Still weird how Coppola claims that Marvel movies aren't cinema just because he made a masterpiece of a film that is about as long as Avengers: Endgame with a fraction of that movie's budget and... okay, he has a point. 
1263 I LOVE BEING A SICILIAN THIS IS SO ME CORE al pacino….. 🫶🏻🤭🤭🤗❤️ 
1264 THE GODFATHER is always a welcome re-watch over the holiday season. This 3-hour movie has a blisteringly fast pace and it’s always over before you know it. Al Pacino (playing Michael Corleone) is fantastic. Going from the son who wants nothing to do with the family business to the fearsome and frightening new leader of the Corleone family looks like a walk in the park for Pacino. A flawless transition for the character. He left me feeling cold. 
1265 10/10-Alternate Title: A Shot of Brando 
1266  This is directed by Francis Ford Coppola. His daughter directed the film “Lost in translation”. I just watched that too. It amazes me because this film is regarded as the greatest film of all time, by many sources, as film taste is all subjective, I just find it funny because I prefered lost in translation as a film over this. Isn’t that funny. I don’t feel like writing a proper review, but I’ll say that Al Pacino was brilliant in…  
1267 it’s been too long since i last watched this 
1268 too many men yet not enough al pacino 
1269  went in with an open mind, trying to treat it like just another movie and not the canonical masterpiece of american cinema, and about twenty minutes in i was completely enraptured and under its spell. i cannot muster even a hint of a contrarian take. this is maybe the closest thing to a perfect movie i’ve ever seen. monstrously well-made on every level. as a filmmaker coppola has suddenly gone from playing with legos to building the sistine chapel. a note-perfect entertainment…  
1270 leave the gun, take the cannoli 
1271 oh to have 70s al pacino as your own godfather 
1272 so many italians mamma mia 🤌 al pacino was looking very cutie patootie in this movie i cannot lie 
1273 everything about this movie is perfect 
1274 If I don’t watch this movie for a long enough time I start to think it’s overrated and doubt it’s placement in the canon.But, nope, every rewatch it proves it’s worth, and it completely bowls me over.The romanticism and the violence combine in a way that feels fresh and vital while also being classical and intrinsic. In the end it just feels timeless. Possessing qualities of both memory and anticipation that enraptures the audience. Watched the Restoration Blu-Ray and even the subtitles are handsome as fuck. It also makes me want a pitcher of wine and big-a bowl-a pasta! Mangia! 
1275 Wow, The Godfather is a perfect movie?Weird. Couldn't have guessed. 
1276  It’s ridiculous that it took me 23 and a half years of living to see this movie. But finally, here we are. I’ve seen the movie.It’s one of the greatest of all time.Pacino gives such a brilliantly subdued performance, which is really incredible to behold when I’ve only known him as the “GIVE ME ALL YOU GOT” / “DUNKACCINO” / “SHE’S GOT A GREAT ASS” guy for so long. I wouldn’t have expected such a quiet and calculated…  
1277 eu tentei, mas ô chatice, meu medo era esse 
1278 I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuseUno de los pilares del Cine Estadounidense y desde luego un clasico inolvidable10 naranjas de 10 
1279 Having not enjoyed this initially, I finally understand why this is regarded by many as the best film of all time after rewatching it. So many iconic quotes throughout along with all-time great dialogue I'd say is only 2nd to Pulp Fiction. The complete contrast as leaders between Brando's honest and moral approach and Pacino's ruthless approach was particularly intriguing. Impatient for part two now as Pacino continues to assume the reigns. 
1280 I do renounce them.And now, among the Most Predictable Events of the 21st century, we have my rating for The Godfather. 
1281 I feel like this will get a modern adaptation sometime soon and it will suck ass. 
1282 omg i love succession !! 
1283 Rest In Peace James Caan :( what an icon 
1284 i wish my daughter never gets married 
1285 can’t believe how long it took me to finally watch this one! 
1286 Sinemada The Godfather izlemenin verdiği mutluluk ve heyecan... Daha iyisi gelmeyecek çok net  
1287  Podcast & BlogAMC Dolby 4K restoration screening. Just fantastic. Beautiful visuals that at times have the crystal clear clarity of an open window. Remastered audio that livens and bolsters environments to a realistic scale. The way in which a quality screening experience can transport you into a fantasy land of mobsters and betrayal is unforgettable.As for the film itself, film fans of all kinds have heard these observations before, but it's fun to explore greatness with a newfound freshness.…  
1288 los pibes con la máquina del tiempo nooo connie no te cases con carlo 
1289 Only just rewatched this back in December but I couldn’t miss the opportunity to see this on the big screen. Not much needs to be said apart from WOW, what a special experience. So glad I got to witness this greatness in the cinema 🤌 
1290 it just keeps getting better 🤷‍♀️ 
1291  BESTIA, una cosa es verla hoy en día en la tele pero en el cine sin duda era toda una experiencia y pude sentir los sintieron en esos tiempos, hasta el día de hoy The Godfather sigue siendo una de las mejores película de la historia, eso no se lo quita nadie.Verla en pantalla grande es algo único, me emocione cuando dijeron que la iban a reestrenar la cosa era si iba a llegar acá y cuando lo vi…  
1292 the rise and fall of michael corleone is quite literally the best character arc in cinema 
1293  "I spent my whole life trying not to be careless. Women and children can afford to be careless, but not men." - Don CorleoneBest Picture Winners Ranked Check out my "Movies LONG AF ranking" hereTop 100 Movies: The Ultimate Collection RankedThis was one of the recs that was given as a "must-see" for the 😮 gang (a group chat I'm in). Here's the list if you want to see what all was picked out with names attached.…  
1294  You might think that after countless watches, this would lose some of its spellbinding power. There was a time, when owning films first became a possibility, that we watched this a few times a year. Until recently, I still watched it once a year, but now it's been 3 or 4 years since my last viewing. With most films, I understand that not everyone is going to connect, but I am unable to sympathize in some cases, and this is…  
1295 now I can fully appreciate rugrats in paris and shark tale 
1296 this movie like rewired something in my brain like i’m so obsessed with it.... 
1297  سالیان سال از پیدایش سینما می‌گذرد و دراین‌بین، نوابغ زیادی شاهکارهای فراوانی را خلق کرده‌اند. در بین تمام این آثار هنری، تعداد قلیلی را می‌توان یافت که نمادی از سینما باشند، فیلم «پدرخوانده» اما بی‌شک یکی از این فیلم‌ها است. این فیلم، نمود شکوه در بستر سینما و عزیمتی است به عظمت هنر هفتم. شاهکار «کاپولا» هر آن چیزی که شما از یک فیلم انتظار دارید را در بر می‌گیرد، از فیلم‌نامه، کارگردانی و بازیگری گرفته تا فیلم‌برداری و موسیقی…  
1298 “leave the gun, take the cannoli” 
1299 Don’t mind me just logging this masterpiece for the first time ... 
1300 Lex Talionis.Despite its reputation for having the greatest scenes in cinematic history, there's no single moment in The Godfather that won me over. It's simply greater than the sum of its parts. Akin to a fine glass of wine instead of the thrill of a shot. 
1301 You try telling me the baptism scene isn’t true cinema because wow Francis Ford Coppola just owns me with this trilogy and Apocalypse Now. 
1302 well... atleast i can say i’ve finally watched the godfather 🙃 
1303 young al pacino sexy ass will keep me up at night 
1304  "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse"I'm gonna be honest. I was intimidated by The Godfather. I would continually put it off in favor of watching other movies. Well, today is finally the day I conquered The Godfather (and Part II).Absolutely flawless. Coppola's ability to frame shots is astonishing. Every scene is this way. A masterful score carries you on this 10 year journey that covers the topics of family, responsibility, business, and religion. The editing…  
1305 he made him an offer he couldn’t refuse 
1306  In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns.Part 1 of Coppola's gangster epic is a Rembrandt sprung to life. In it, one sees life and much death. Shifting amongst every composition of its near three-hour runtime are opulent golds swimming in a sea of shadow. The copy I viewed was pitiful - an old DVD collection that has beaten down the imagery, compressing it to shit. And yet, master artist Gordon Willis's breathtaking compositions shine through the grain and…  
1307 young al pacino: *speaks passionately in italian*me: *not even understanding a word of it* so true king! are you single 
1308 Boomers grew up with this impression of Italian immigrants.We Millennials grew up with the cast of 'Jersey Shore' as our impression of Italian immigrants.I think they're equally renowned and iconic, and yes, that is a hill I WILL die on. 
1309 How does one say “masterpiece” in Italian? 
1310  Por fin la vi, y me dejó un poco agridulce.La película es un clásico, es parte de la historia del cine y considerada uno de los mejores filmes. Pero no conecté del todo con ella.Hay muchas escenas en que lograban crear una atmósfera interesante que me gustaba mucho. La primera escena me gustó demasiado. Y otra escena en la que Michael tiene que acabar con un mafioso en un restaurante... mi favorita del filme. Todas las actuaciones están…  
1311  TFW business is private and between menRats off to a pandemic quarantine for making me finally watch the GD Godfathers. The original has been referenced and parodied so often (re: Psycho, The Exorcist), I feel like I've already seen it a thousand times. Thanks, Gen Xers, for smuggling your childhood pop culture references into episodes of The Simpsons and Animaniacs when I was a kid, I guess? I do love how The Godfather feels like frigid film school trash,…  
1312 mike at the start: 🥰🌙🧸💓✨🧸💫💗🍭🌙☺️💖🍪🍭💖🌙💞💗🍭💫🧸💞💓💗🥰💫🍪🍭mike at the end: 💣😡🔪🚬🧨😡🔪🔫🚬💣😡🔪💣🔫🧨😡🚬💣🔫💣😡🔫🧨🔪🔪🚬🔫🚬💣😡 
1313 Ich kann es kaum glauben was für ein phänomenaler Film dies immer noch ist - und immer sein wird. Die Geschichte, die Darsteller, die ikonischen Szenen, unvergessliche Dialoge, der Score ... das alles hat mich wieder gepackt. Und jetzt erst ist mir bewusst geworden, dass der Film sich ohne Action ganz langsam entwickelt, und mich dadurch ganz besonders fasziniert. 
1314  Decided to make my 500th film logged here one of the essential viewings. The big one.I loved every second of it! Everything I could and would say about The Godfather has been voiced an innumerable amount of times, so I’ll keep things brief: it’s entirely impeccable.I actually made an attempt to view The Godfather a couple years ago, but only made it halfway through because it was late at night and I wanted to be attentive (essentially more awake)…  
1315 Undisputed masterpiece. The Mona Lisa of film. There must be something in the water in Italy!! 
1316  Film #7 of The Movie King's Scavenger Hunt ChallengeTask #4: A film that is 3 or more hours longLetters to the Director #11- The GodfatherTo Mr. Francis Ford Coppola,Please tell me you didn't really decapitate a horse in that one gruesome sequence about thirty minutes into The Godfather! That was a messed up sequence, Mr. Coppola, one that kind of put me off guard being a pro-animal rights dude. Though you won't find me protesting about…  
1317  Probably one of the most important films out there and one that really shows how we've elevated to a level of contemporary filmmaking in today's standards. It really begs the question when we see films like Battleship, What To Expect When You're Expecting and That's My Boy, where did we all go wrong?That is for another time however, The Godfather is a great portrayal of the psychological impact of being involved in the mob, the sense of honour within…  
1318  Okay confession time: This is my first time watching it and I've put it off for a very dumb reason. A long time ago, when I was probably in my teenage years, I caught the very last couple of minutes of the third film on TV and as a result, it discouraged me from watching the trilogy. Like, what's the point of going through this whole saga if I already know how it ends? So for a long time, these…  
1319 The Godfather is often hailed as the greatest movie of all time and while I don’t know if I’d go that far this was pretty great, y’all weren’t lying. 
1320 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  noooooo don't become the murderous patriarch of a massive crime syndicate you're so sexy haha  
1321 don't tell Francis Ford Coppola I watched this for the first time today on the train with sunlight glare hitting my laptop for half the movie. 
1322  So... Since 2022 is coming to a close, I decided I had to watch The Godfather before it was no longer the 50th year anniversary, and today I did. And oh boy, that choice is turning out to be one of the greatest decisions I have ever made. I don't know why I do this, but oftentimes with widely acclaimed films I always find myself grossly underestimating their stature in the film world, then becoming completely floored at their profundity,…  
1323 בפעם הראשונה שראית את הסנדק אתה כבר חלק מהמשפחה.אתה זוכר את כל הסצנות אחת אחת כי כל אחת היא מופתית וכל אחת מהן מלאה בחשיבות עלילתית ומטאפורית.בשאר הצפיות אתה פשוט חוזר כי אתה לא מאמין שזה שוב יהיה עד כדי כך טוב כמו שאתה זוכר שזה.והסרט חוזר ומתעלה על עצמו, פעם אחר פעם. 
1324 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I don’t know what hurts more, sonny’s or apollonia’s death  
1325 When a film is 3 hours and doesn't feel 3 hours, you know it's doing something right! 
1326 Got to catch this is Dolby for its 50th anniversary release. Great experience in the theater, as would be expected with this film. I have so much appreciation for just how much this film forces you to pay attention to so many characters all at once and expect you to remember their importance. Masterpiece.100% 
1327 i wasn't paying attention so boring god bless 🙏 
1328 I watched this movie for the first time with my dad and I don't think he sat down the entire runtime for more than a minute because he would stand right next to the TV and point out every little detail there was. (I think that might have confused my 10-year-old self even more) Anyways I've seen this 4 times now (3 of the times actually being old enough to appreciate it) and I still love every second. One of the most rewatchable movies in my opinion. 
1329 absolutely nuts that coppola’s the godfather is a world-renowned masterpiece, yet it’s not even his best work. 
1330 Tha Gahwdfathah. I have not watched this movie. What I will say is that after my fourteen year old brother saw it, he talked in this awful New York accent for, I shit you not, three weeks. Insufferable. I would rather die than watch this movie, mostly because I'm afraid the same thing would happen to me. Hence the low star review. 
1331  Haven't seen this in ages but i figured i should rewatch it before i watch Part 2 which i'll probably see tomorrow, i remember this was (probably) the first big classic movie that i ever saw so it left a big impact on me, almost saw this on Pacino's birthday which would have been cool but eh any day where i get to watch this movie is a good one.I mean what else can i say? It's The Godfather,…  
1332 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Bonasera believes in America, yet bows to Don Vito’s feet and thirsts for bloodshed when its judicial system fails him. Michael too believes in America, yet he runs from its rule when it also turns on him. Both want to find paradise in America, but ironically, are more willing to invest their trust in those who break the law, rather than uphold it. In The Godfather, America is viewed as a system that can be bested. A place whose freedom…   
1333  Introduction to Film StudiesFilm #10The Godfather (1972)."Look how they massacred my boy."This film made almost $300 million dollars at the box-office and has been called one of the greatest films ever made. At the time when I first saw this, I never understood why. Years later on second viewing, I love it so much more this time around.Marlon Brando and Al Pacino are the real scene stealers in this film. That being said, everyone played…  
1334 Got to see The Godfather in theaters today, which also happens to be the first time I've seen the film.I thought it was absolutely fantastic. Where has character development like this gone in recent years? Scenes were actually suspenseful, deaths were impactful; bring good characters back to film, please.And my god that ending was perfect. 
1335 for years i thought that marlon brando was holding a ham on the poster. i now realize it's a cat. 
1336  Going into this movie I had 3 worries: it was going to be extremely overrated, it wasn't going to be entertaining, and I wasn't going to understand the plot of the film. None of these things turned out to be true, and I'm very delighted by this. A film being called the best movie of all-time definitely will be called overrated by most, but this film is just excellent in every aspect. Its story is as masterful and interesting as…  
1337 Gordon Willis did not win an Academy Award for his work here. Fuck, Gordon Willis wasn't nominated for an Academy Award for his work here. People talk about the Academy being a joke like it's some present-tense thing. 
1338 The scene where Luca Brasi pays his respects to the Don at the wedding sends chills down my spine. I read that Lenny Montana was very nervous about acting with Brando, so it works on both levels. The respect is genuine. 
1339  This is the first time I've watched The Godfather since high school; I'm sure at the time, I likely appreciated the film for its historic importance, but on this snow day, I appreciate it for so much more. Coppola's growth as a filmmaker from his first four films is tremendous—this is so much more textured, so much more thematically and emotionally complicated, and it feels like the confident expression of a soon-to-be master. I imagine that this is one of…  
1340 Perfection. Love the immaculate pacing, the well-defined parallels, and how much is tied together within the film. Multiple viewings of the film have helped me appreciate The Godfather so much more. 
1341  Por fin me di la oportunidad de ver otra de las películas más icónicas de probablemente toda la historia del medio, The Godfather. Incluso escuchar el nombre te causa algo, sabes que estás hablando de la crème de la crème del cine. Se entiende por qué tuvo el impacto que tuvo hace ya un poco más de 50 años: la gran forma en la que Coppola pudo adaptar la novela, la compleja interacción entre la familia Corleone, las grandes actuaciones…  
1342 кино имеет значимость благодаря таким фильмам, как «крестный отец». это искусство, снимаемое с частотой двадцать четыре кадра в секунду, способное рассказывать самые замечательные истории, и эта – одна из лучших. время идет вперед, а «крестный отец» переживет всех. 
1343  "You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?" - Don Vito CorleoneWhen it comes to crime dramas, only one stands a top of the mountain in Francis Ford Coppola's Godfather saga which is mostly due to 1972's The Godfather and 1974's The Godfather: Part II being the kings of crime films that others try to slay and take the throne for their own. Don Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando),…  
1344 on my second rewatch, this is now what i hold to be the greatest film of all time. i’ll always love the shawshank redemption because of the impact that it had on me personally, but there’s just something about the godfather that takes the cake for me. from the masterful writing, to the incredible pacing, to the iconic score, to the beautiful cinematography, to some of the greatest performances of all time, to the massive influence that it’s had on cinema altogether, there’s no other film that can be this perfect in my eyes. i’ll continue to love this masterpiece for the rest of my life. 
1345 my 1000th film 🥳i’ve been waiting to watch this for this occasion for so long 😭🙌🏻 
1346 The movie after which you realise how pathetic you are 
1347  "I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse."The Godfather is widely regarded as one of, if not the best film of all time, and on a rewatch I completely agree. Pretty much every aspect of the film is just perfect with absolutely zero flaws.The acting is the best part of the film for me, everybody is brilliant but the obvious standouts are Marlon Brando as Vito Corleone and Al Pacino as Michael Corleone. Although I think Al…  
1348 What can I say about this film that hasn’t already been said? I love absolutely everything about it from the cinematography, the editing, the transitions, the elevated score, the multiple insanely compelling performances, the masterful directing, iconic sequence after iconic sequence that has inspired countless pieces of media and is now just as it was then one of the greatest movies ever made. 
1349 "I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse."I have never seen better casting than Marlon Brando as The Godfather. —List: Francis Ford Coppola, Ranked [as director]List: Marlon Brando, Ranked [as actor]  List: IMDb Top 250 Films, Ranked - #2 - 34/250List: Al Pacino, Ranked [as actor]List: The Godfather [Collection], RankedList: 1972, Ranked 
1350  1970s Ranked // Best Picture WinnersI’ve been itching to rewatch The Godfather for a while now after watching The Offer and just gaining more appreciation for this movie. This movie has all the makings of a classic, the incredible storytelling, fantastic performances from Marlon Brando, Al Pacino and the whole cast, and the production. It’s iconic. Everything was that much better after seeing the behind the scenes of making this movie. Even though my appreciation is sky high, was…  
1351 1 of the best acting performances of all time From Marlin Brando as Vito Corleone “The Godfather” this film is a Masterpiece!!!! 
1352 i’ll never get over al pacino 
1353 Masterful stuff. The three hours fly by. The performances, the dialogue, the blocking and framing and design; all perfect. It's an achievement of filmmaking that only becomes more impressive with time. I recently reread the novel, and can safely say it's a rare case where the film adaptation is better than its source (and I really like Mario Puzo's book). 
1354 if the godfather is not for the girls then why does al pacino look like that 
1355  🇺🇸🇮🇹What? A screening of "The Godfather" at a multiplex not far from my house in celebration of the film's 50th anniversary? That was an offer my parents and I just couldn't refuse.😴🐟🐟🛌🏼🐴I speak with a sound mind that this was one of the best moviegoing experiences of my life. Here was a movie that I've seen from start to finish many times in the past ten years, yet seeing this restored and enhanced version on the…  
1356 Michael: "That's my family, Kay. That's not me."*proceeds to have everyone killed* 
1357 Che puede ser que desborde cine? Todavia no tengo palabras, lo que son esas escenas y esas actuaciones por favor, encima ese soundtrack acompaña perfecto y ahora entiendo porque es tan icónica. Sinceramente creí que se me iban a pasar lentas las horas en el cine pero fue todo lo contrario porque al final terminó siendo alta obra maestra. Esa escena final... no podria haber terminado mejor.  Pd: Al Pacino de joven mi amor platónico por siempre 🙏🏻 💖 
1358 Inmensa. Inabarcable. Eterna. No tiene ni un poco de sentido que la haya podido ver en el cine. Una locura de experiencia. 
1359 You already know my Italian American ass wouldn’t be caught not seeing this in a movie theater. I’m ready for pasta to become my main blood cell structure. I’m ready to chug so much red wine when I go home, ordering a case of 12 bottles as I type this. I already reserved a table at Olive Garden for the biggest plate of Spaghetti they fucking have. I am ready to run the Liotta family business from here on out. If you comment on my Letterboxd reviews refer to me as Don Emanuel “Manny” Liotta please and thanks. 
1360 Damn I forgot movies can be this good 
1361 “Do you renounce Satan?”“I do renounce.”My mom freaking out during the horse head scene is why cinema is the best art form. 
1362 Estoy sin palabras para describir lo que se sintio ver esta pelicula en pantalla grande, es sin duda de las mejores de toda la historia y de verdad que excelente personaje que es Michael. 
1363  “That's my family, Kay, that's not me.”50 years of The Godfather. Hearing that this film was gonna be on the big screen in Dolby Cinemas, well, that was an offer I couldn’t refuse.The first time I watched this was on my laptop screen, so let’s say that on one of the biggest screens possible, this was a massively enhanced viewing experience. And it was wonderful. What an achievement!This time around, I was just so enthralled by Al…  
1364 It’s nothing personal, Sonny it’s strictly business.Re-release in the cinemas for the 50th anniversary, happy to hear audience members talk after the screening about how Breaking Bad took the whole killing sequence at the end (same with TDK) Fun fact: George Lucas put together the "Mattress Sequence" (the montage of crime scene photos and headlines about the war between the five families) as a favor to Francis Ford Coppola for helping him fund American Graffiti (1973). He asked not to be credited. 
1365 الحلم تحقق للحظة من زمن حسيت اني عايش في السبعينيات 🌹🖤 
1366 is there anything better than al pacino speaking italian with a beret on? i don't think so. 
1367 Michael’s bruise must’ve been rly bad cuz it’s there for at least 3 months 
1368 happy one year anniversary meow pacino i'm not joking wen i say he literally changed the trajectory of my life i was not the same person pre al pacino he's opened my eyes to the world and shown me things i would have never known was possible i love him with all my heart and that love will never go away ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ 
1369 Wow very nice movie Sofia Coppola's dad! 
1370 listen you guys don't understand michael isn't actually a bad person u just don't know him like i do he's a really sweet little man he was just in a silly goofy mood 
1371 It really was strictly business.5/5 3rd viewing 
1372 So yeah I'm not going to spend a lot of time telling you to watch The Godfather. It's the film you've already heard from your dad and every other guy is the greatest film ever made. So yeah, it's the greatest film ever made.Absolutely recommendP.S. Asked my partner if she wanted to watch this with me which she quickly responded with a definite no. Later that week asked if she wanted to watch Face/Off and she excitedly said yes. I think she's the one. 
1373  I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense. Caught this on AMC this afternoon and put it on in the background. Didn't get much work done and spent most of the time saying "oh my god this fucking scene." Good day. 
1374 What's to be said that hasn't been said a million times before, it's the Godfather. Definitely a film I would consider to be arguably one of the the best I've ever seen.The baptism scene is BY FAR the best scene in any film ever in my opinion aswell. 
1375  Film 31 of my 100 movies watched in 1 month challengeMy past few reviews have been relatively negative and I wondered if I was just in a bad mood. Turns out I was honest how I felt about those because here’s a movie that I did enjoy and have no problem saying so. This movie was a bit long sitting at about 3 hours but it’s hardly boring. Watching the Corleone family do their mob thing is interesting and…  
1376  Es gibt tatsächlich einige Gründe warum ich die Reihe nicht allzu sehr mag und zum Schluss auch einige warum ich sie mag. Es sind drei Dreistundenfilme die zur Hälfte aus Familienfeier, Gottesdienst, Hochzeit, Kommunion, Taufe und "Geschäftsmeeting" bestehen. Ich dachte immer man müsse christlicher BWL-Maxi sein, um das wirklich genießen zu können. Vor allem, weil Coppolas Reihe all das mit konservativ-reproduzierenden Bildern bis zum Abwinken in aller Ausführlichkeit abbildet, aber in Abgrenzung zu seinen Zeitgenossen auf jede formale und inhaltliche…  
1377  For years, I've put off watching the Godfather trilogy. Some of it is due to the long run-time; a near 3-hour movie is always going to be at the bottom of the pack when I'm deciding what to watch, especially a hard-hitting gangster epic. Not exactly the easy watch that lets me switch off my brain after a day of work. Reputation is also a big factor in my cinematic procrastination. I often feel overwhelmed by acclaimed masterpieces, perhaps afraid…  
1378 In case it wasn’t already obvious, this movie is flawless. 
1379  Watching this now, for the third time I didn't get bored once. I understood every scene and I was so immersed by it compared to how I felt last time. It’s a film still being reviewed, analysed and talked about, there's nothing really I can add. You all know it's great. You all know the cast, editing and the script were brilliant. You all know it's one of the best gangster films of all time. I loved the dynamic of…  
1380 WOOOAHHH . Finally finished it ...This was great , one of the finest piece of cinema ever . The preformces from everyone are amazing and the music oooh that music . There's not much to say about it that wasn't been said other than its a masterpiece . Cant wait for the second and third one v excited .9.8/10 
1381  I've been trying to write a review for The Godfather, which I just saw for the first time today, all day. Even during our Thanksgiving get-together, this film was in the back of my mind (btw a great Thanksgiving movie). But it was only at our get-together that the personal aspect of this masterpiece hit me. I'm not that close with my family. I don't talk much with them, and I frankly am not the most comfortable around them. So…  
1382 genuinely angry that i missed out on this film for over 18 years... it was a masterpiece 
1383 Much better on re-watch.Even though I don’t technically “enjoy” this, I have to recognize and appreciate how absolutely perfect this film is. It may not be my favorite but it is 100% the best Italian mob family film ever made.The Don’s death scene is pure, say it with me...poetic cinema.10/10 
1384  finally got around to watching this masterpiece!! i don’t feel the need to go into detail, as everything that could’ve possibly been said about this film has already been said. i’ll just say i absolutely loved this. truly one of the most iconic and well recognised films ever and for good reason. i was scared that i’d get bored but i wasn’t at all and i was really doing this film a disservice by not seeing it before but i’m so…  
1385 la escena del bautismo... chills literally chills. todo el desarrollo de michael corleone es increíble,a al pacino le quedó perfecto ese papel porque pudo captar totalmente lo que es el deseo de poder, el querer ascender para ser alguien. ya quiero ver la segunda, que me dijeron que está todavía mejor. 
1386 I did not care for this movie. It insists upon it self. 
1387 Not to sound like a filmbro but this will forever be a freakin’ masterpiece thank you mr. coppola and mr. puzo for gracing us with your vision and making a 3 hour long epic look fantastic and stimulating all throughout the duration of it(also yes i know it’s been a week since i’ve been to this app but i was not in the right state to watch films due to me procrastinating a lot of homework from my online classes lol but i’m back!) 
1388 What’s the point of writing a review of this movie? There’s nothing new to add. It’s just amazing. 
1389 The Godfather+Remastered in 4k for silver screenings+Amazing live orchestration+Sittin' in the 2nd row while watchin' and feelin' it so goddamn rough=Without any doubt one of finest experiences in film I've ever witnessed in my entire life ❤ 
1390 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   We all have that one work. The one work that bridges the gap between our youthful understanding of the medium and opens up so many new, more mature possibilities. The work that "pops the cherry," if you will. A work that redefines the way you look at a particular medium and sets a benchmark for future works to come. I don't know about you, but I have one such work for each of my favorite media.For literature, it was…   
1391 young al pacino can like....get it 
1392 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I didn't see The Godfather until a couple of years ago. I never liked the poster. The Godfather himself looks like someone's old grandpa and that weird puppet master logo creeped me out.Let's get the obvious stuff out of the way. This is one beige movie. By beige I mean its color scheme. I saw an analysis of the average colors of all the frames in this movie and it's literally all beige.Then there's the wedding. Oh man,…   
1393 Ein Meilenstein der Filmgeschichte. Ein Muss für jeden Filmeliebhaber. Zur Handlung sag ich nix. Schaut ihn euch einfach an.Andy's-Verbrecherfilme-Ranking 
1394 i absolutely need to work on my attention span 
1395  I share my love for The Godfather with, I imagine, almost everyone on this site. The fact that it runs for close on three hours yet consistently grips the audience's excitement is a testament to the huge talent involved in realising the vision of Francis Ford Coppola.It is a masterwork in characterisation, creating a galaxy of personages richly drawn, memorable and just plain fascinating. Vito is a subversion of what we would expect him to be, showing disdain for…  
1396 Just noticed that this is also directed by Tommy Wiseau...Bravo Letterboxd. 
1397 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  This time I watched The Godfather for my film scores class, and as a result paid much closer attention to the music throughout, and it's genius. There's a motif that represents Don Corleone throughout the film, and a separate one that tends to represent Michael, BUT THEN in the last scene when the members of the family enter Michael's office and call him Don Corleone, THE DON THEME PLAYS. Chills, for real.Gee wiz Sofia Coppola's dad sure can make some good pictures!(also lmao at current me for rewatching this before even seeing part ii, smh @ myself)  
1398  "You found paradise in America. You had a good trade, you made a good living. The police protected you and there were courts of law. So you didn't need a friend like me. Now you come and say "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me "Godfather." You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married and you ask me to…  
1399 guys i think i found the best poster on this website 
1400 Showed this to my son for the first time, so my job as a parent is pretty much complete. 
1401  My 500th log on letterboxd. I have finally reached 500 logs on letterboxd and this was the perfect selection for it. The godfather lived up to the hype for sure. Michael Corleone is one of the best characters I have ever seen period. Pacino was the perfect casting and he put on a damn good performance. Brando has Vito wow I knew he was really good in this but holy shit that performance was incredible. Probably a top 10 performance…  
1402  It's hard for me to reconcile the differences between this and the novel it's based on. Not because the book is particularly good (it reads more like an airport book than it ought to), but because my favourite parts of the source material are almost entirely absent from this film.Specifically, my favourite/most interesting character in the book, Johnny Fontaine, who essentially acts as the only thorough perspective that isn't related to Vito by blood or marriage, is entirely absent…  
1403 a very good movie I loved it but I just wish it wasn’t so dang long💔 but overall I loved it💋 
1404 i fear i’d be done mafia style (no pun intended) in the comments if i give it a lower rating so four stars it is! film bros please leave me alone! 🤠🤠 
1405 This was really good! Who would have thought? I’m really excited to check out Part 2 soon, my spidey senses tell me I’ll like that one even more. 
1406 the holy father of all mob movies 
1407 Segunda vez que la veo en el año 🚬🍷 
1408 “I want no acts of vengeance... This war stops now...” Happy 50 years, Godfather. 
1409 Some films can be more personal to me due to the resonance they secure but I don't think there is a more perfect film than The Godfather. It was not necessarily a dream to watch it on the big screen until I did because those were 175 minutes of unceasing ecstasy. 
1410  I can’t put into words what it is about this movie but it all just works.The entire family feels real and the interactions and dynamics between each member are amazing.Pacino is only operating at 50% Pacino, but I don’t mind it at all. He’s still amazing.Beautiful, emotional, and about family.Suck on that, Vin Diesel.Also, during the Look How They Massacred My Boy scene, I’m sorry to say I was holding back laughter because I remembered…  
1411 Finally watching these films again.Yeah, the performances were incredible. Marlon Brando and Al Pacino nailed their roles so well. 
1412 if i could, i would pay young Al Pacino to scream at me and call me a bitch without thinking twice. I wish i could say i’m sorry but i’m not 
1413 family love michael 
1414 A glorious epic, with characters so real and relatable, despite having lives that are so different to my own. Michael Corleone's character arc is probably one of the greatest in film history. Cannot wait to rewatch Part II and finally brave up and watch Part III. 
1415 at one point, i accidentally pressed some random button on the remote and skipped to the end credits and really thought hmmm... what an interesting and sudden ending but no actually that was entirely my fault 
1416 100 MOVIES IN ONE SUMMER - FILM #33Let me just start this off by saying this:Did I love it? Yes.Is it one of the best movies ever made? Not really.Is it overhyped? Kinda.This is a fantastic and ambitious film, but I don’t really see why it’s held in such a high regard. It didn’t really need to be 3 hours, either. If it were paced better, it could’ve worked as a 2 1/2 hour film.I’ll still watch Part II because I heard that it was better. 
1417  It was interesting to go back and see this after 15 or so years. It's a very good movie and I do enjoy Francis Ford Coppola's direction, however I am not the biggest fan of mobster movies. The movie plays a little different for me as I have grown and someo of the motivations sit a little differently. The image that stuck with me the most on this viewing was the closing door at the end that reminded me of…  
1418 decided to check out that movie they reference in Barbie a few times. pretty cool but could’ve used more horses for sure 
1419  Well, it is a common knowledge that The Godfather is one of the most beautiful movies in the history of cinema so i’m not adding much new by saying that.Anyway, I’d like to share my opinion about it.Every single aspect is worth of a mention. The casting? Phenomenal. Marlon Brando as Don Vito Corleone and Al Pacino as Michael Corleone were probably two of the best choices in history of cinema. The acting is really terrific: Brando’s is…  
1420  Wait, that was three hours? Huh?! Most economic three hours I've ever seen.Pop culture osmosis means I've "seen" the opening act, ie the wedding to the horse scene. Pop culture amnesia means I pretty much was going in totally blind (except for the bullet dance, everyone knows the bullet dance, oh and the morgue scene but that's because of memes), which I do appreciate. Of all the movies to remain spoiler free it's only one of the most well…  
1421  Sooo … I finally watched the Godfather. And it was different than I expected it to be, yet exactly what I hoped it would be. But, as every possible thing has been said about this, let me explain what my personal experience with The Godfather was like.First off, even though The Godfather has to be one of the most quoted and referenced movie of all time, I knew nothing about the story. Italian mafia and family matters were the…  
1422  PERFECTION | ALL TIME GREAT“I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse”1st watch | TOP 100 | Francis ford Coppola rankedThere are no words to describe how I felt after watching the godfather. Very few films have ever done that. Everything was perfect, from the acting to the ending, the wedding scene to the murders. Every single character was written to the length I question whether it’s possible for this movie to be real.🎭THE ACTING:the acting was…  
1423  So much has been written about The Godfather and most of it is true. There’s no atmosphere quite like it, as Francis Ford Coppola builds an aspirational ensemble around a wedding, and you want to be included. The film is a warm invite to a big family function and the viewer feels included too, both in the glowing warmth of the big family and in the darkened back rooms where the cost of what the crime family has built takes…  
1424 When Sollozzo and the “crooked cop” are taking Mike to Louie’s but take the Jersey fake-erooo, “We’re going to Jersey…,” there is no music but now the tires on the bridge start their droning red shift for the moment Michael thinks the plan is coming apart. Lovely point of view.Then into Louie’s where the trains roar and there is no score. What do words matter when fate is set? The words meaningless? Out of the bathroom is Mike, and the subtitles for Sollozzo’s bargaining Sicilian disappear in his final moments. Unbelievable scene. 
1425 Little late to the party but i finally got around to see godfather for the very first time and now i can finally understand why people loved this movie so much why it is so hyped. I absolutely love this movie I had a great time watching it. it is already in one of the best movies that i have ever seen acting,writing,cinematography all was absolute 10/10 al pacino and Marlon brando performance was the highlight for me. So excited to watch the next part now. 
1426 theres not a single role al pacino cannot play i fear!!! 
1427 watched this to calm me down during a bad panic attack. it worked. 
1428 After a long while I’ve finally got around to starting this infamous trilogy. I have so much to say, but what I could even think of has been said for decades now. Such an incredible film from start to finish I was hooked in, the defining feature of this film for me was Michael’s character arc throughout and how you see him progress into the don of the this crime family. Incredible and I cannot wait to continue my watch of the trilogy 
1429 It's deranged how long it took me to watch this! This film which so many people call "the best of all time" and even though I do not consider it my number 1, I still see this as one of the greatest films I have ever seen in general! This film had so much influence in the crime/mafia genre and still influences it today."The Godfather is a true masterpiece!" 
1430 Rewatched this masterpiece w my dad 
1431  Grade: 100%1970s Ranked - HEREBest Picture Winners Ranked - HERE100 Favourite Films - HEREI haven’t seen this mafia classic in many years and I wanted to revisit this and it’s sequel because I’ve never seen the third film and have been wanting to for quite some time now. The Godfather is obviously regarded as one of the greatest films of all-time and it’s for good reason, I cannot pick out a flaw in this film if I tried. I think…  
1432 What else is there to say about this masterpiece? Exemplary filmmaking of the very highest standard, every single element of The Godfather is flawless. There’s nothing I can say that will do it justice, from Brando’s subtle mannerisms, to Pacino’s brooding glare, the tragic deaths, the rise of Michael Corleone, the symbolic and religious finale that ties every piece together. Cinematic perfection, and a brilliant way to cap off a birthday. 
1433 Drank some red wine, ate a big bowl of eggplant parmesan and watched The Godfather. Now that's how you do Sunday afternoon like a boss. 
1434 i just don’t understand how they expect us to remember a hundred Italian's names that they only say one time 
1435 will never get tired of seeing mobsters beat up assholes that hurt their wives/sisters 
1436 leave the gun. take the cannoli. 
1437 michael corleone ❤️❤️❤️😊😊😊🥵🥵🥵🥵 al pacino 🥵🥵🥵😊😊😜😜😜😊❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ 
1438 As iconic as they come.01.18.2023Greatest Moments in the History of Forever - The Godfather 
1439 Goncharov 1973 outsold even though it came out later. I cannot believe people think Scorsese copied this. Anyway going to rewatch Goncharov 1973 
1440 Watched it on the big screen for the first time tonight, still as good as ever. Watch The Offer if you haven’t. 
1441 If I was in The Godfather, I wouldn't even bother entering a car. I would just walk everywhere 
1442 Guys this movie The Godfather is pretty good you should check it out . Michaels transformation throughout the movie is something else and the fact that Pacino never won an Oscar for either movies is a tragedy. 
1443 i mean i only watched this movie because im tired of people asking me "have you seen the godfather?????" 
1444 Bizarrement, j'oublie toujours à quel point The Godfather est parfait. C'est cliché de décrire combien c'est un chef-d'oeuvre, mais c'en est un sur toute la ligne et le Blu-ray 4K lui rend totalement justice. 🐴 
1445 Succession 
1446 now i know why women in the 70s went crazy for al pacino i’m just as bad as them i’d have had michael corleone’s face all over my wall and cried over him every night 
1447 i mean this is no mamma mia! (2008) directed by phyllida lloyd but i liked it nonetheless! 
1448 Undoubtedly one of the greatest cinematic achievements. 
1449 That score in the cinema was something else, sent chills down my spine at certain points. 
1450 There’s really no other way to say it, The Godfather is a perfect film. I’ve never seen such a complete story, told from start to finish, that has done so like this. I was so lucky to have been able to see it on the big screen, in a Dolby Cinema theater, for its 50th anniversary. 
1451 So glad that I had the chance to watch this masterpiece in the cinemas/theatres. 
1452  The age of people freaking out when I tell them I haven’t seen The Godfather has finally come to an end. Well, good things come to those who wait. My reward for waiting all these years was getting to see the gorgeous 4K restoration in Dolby on the big screen. A certified cinematic masterpiece through and through, The Godfather is a three hour epic that justifies every minute of its runtime. I’m not really sure on the climate of cinema…  
1453  Rewatching after Sopranos, The Godfather is much more enjoyable.Michael's ArcThe Godfather is all about Vito Corleone's plunge and his youngest son, Michael's Ascension. He is a decorated war hero who fought in the world war II, he is strictly on the legal side of the business until his father is shot. He is shown to be smart and a Stoic personality opposite to Sonny, who is more emotional and dumb when it comes to decision making. Michael alienates…  
1454 I haven't been in cinema since December, namely since watching Spider-Man: No Way Home. and now to see The Godfather on big screen is a real event. the second time it looks better, more consciously. I watched some scenes with goosebumps. It was a great experience 
1455 should've rewatched paddington tbh 
1456 The classic that everyone says it is, perfect story, perfect acting, perfect finish. A perfect film.There isn't much point in saying anything else, it's all already been said many times before, I mean it's the feckin godfather!! watch it!! 
1457 vito is loganmichael is kendall ?sonny is roman tom hagen is tom wambsgans (not a sicilian😉)fredo is con i guess connie is shivhmmmmm why do i feel like luca brasi is greg? especially in that first scene where he’s rehearsing what he’ll say to vito? yea i’m right. 
1458 some of you never played the mid-2000s Godfather video game where you sneak the horse head into the bed and it shows 
1459 RIP michael corleone you would’ve loved kendall roy 
1460 Such an essential film in movie history. Lots of respect. 
1461 "I can't remember the last time you invited me to your house for a cup of coffee. Even though my wife is godmother to your only child. But let's be frank here. You never wanted my friendship. And you were afraid to be in my debt. (...)You never needed a friend like me. But now you come to me and say, "Don Corleone, give me justice." But you don't ask with respect. You don't offer friendship. You don't even think to call me godfather ". Iconic. 
1462 This for me was that film that sits on your shelf for years because the hype for it is so damn overwhelming that you can't help but fear that it just won't live up to your expectations. Luckily I could have waited 20 years to watch this and it still would have been worth the wait. 
1463 It’s all true. Every word of praise you’ve heard. Every accolade bestowed at the feet of the all mighty Godfather is worth more than the gold it’s made with. I keep thinking Im going to grow tired of Coppola’s magnum opus. Here’s the thing though. Instead I keep falling more and more in love with cinema every time I watch it. 
1464 watching this in the middle of the night while eating carbonara what an experience 
1465 What did he say? Badda-beep, badda-bap, badda-boop, badda-beep-Sonny Corleone99/100 
1466 i’ve faced more peer pressure in my life to watch the godfather than do drugs 
1467 If anyone has ever seen a mob movie without a Tony in it please let me know because I'm convinced there isn't one out there 
1468 normal person : “this is like zootopia!”me an intellectual: “oi this is like the academy award winning martin scorsese film shark tale” 
1469 *cries at the Christmas scene where Michael and Kay go Christmas shopping for gifts for his family*Pacino: And what do you want for Christmas?Keaton: Just you.Anyways, Happy 49th Birthday to The Godfather, one of the finest films ever made, one of several Francis Ford Coppola masterpieces, and a defining picture that will forever be embedded in cinematic history. 
1470  Rewatching the trilogy and actually giving my thoughts this time.The problem is there isn’t much to say that hasn’t already been said. It’s one of the best movies ever made, nearly flawless in every aspect. I did notice a couple new things like the editing being kinda off and a specific fight scene looking really fake, but they are nitpicks. It’s extremely well acted, shot, and written. There are countless iconic and amazing scenes, but I firmly believe that the…  
1471 happy birthday to my dad who’d probably kick me out of the house if i rated this lower than four stars :) 
1472 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   That scene with the diner bathroom has got to be one of the finest constructed ever put to film. The tension generated both leading up to and within the scene itself, aided greatly by the knowledge of Michael’s established place within the family and the adept development of his arc up to that point, is not simply drawn from the stakes inherent within the situation, but from the question of whether or not he will really go through with it.…   
1473 So torn between my desire to live inside The Godfather and my desire to not be brutally murdered. Guess you can’t always have your cannoli and eat it 😞 
1474 93I’m actually surprised on how much I got from the first watch. It certainly was an ‘epic’. Also unlike Goodfellas and The Irishman, I genuinely enjoyed this one. I’m not a fan of mafia ‘stuff’ at all, but this one was an exception.Seeing Vito as a grandfather really got to me too as it brought me back to my childhood with my grandfather. 
1475 “A friend should always underestimate your virtues and an enemy overestimate your faults.”Immaculate. Can’t believe I’ve been so wrong about this film all this time, but it goes to show how much difference a year, or rather in this case, two years, makes. It’s deeply magisterial the amount of mastery, intricacy and passion Coppola pours into this work, and in such divinely, cinematically majestic ways that really highlight his ardour and legendary status as a filmmaker and icon of the American New Wave.The Godfather is truly one of the greatest films ever made, and it certainly lives up to that title. 
1476 underrated movie, no one ever talks about it 
1477 this was purely a 70s al pacino thirst watch 
1478 Just checking, it’s still perfect 
1479 Considered one of the greatest films ever made and for good reason, Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather is the textbook definition of a masterpiece, with Coppola and author Mario Puzo crafting a gripping mafia and family story that's deeply powerful and beautifully complex all the same, not to mention full of magnificent performances, nerve-wracking tension, phenomenal dialogue, gorgeous cinematography, and memorable characters. 
1480  "I believe in America." Some thoughts:- A universal story about crime and family that is as epic in scope as it is thematically rich. - Every character, while all performed to perfection by the actors, feels unique and relatable. - Absolutely groundbreaking on a technical level. While Coppola didn't necessarily invent certain formal techniques, he without a doubt used them more purposefully and cleverly than any filmmaker at that time. - Quite possibly the greatest character arc of all…  
1481 for years and years i thought that the godfather was holding a chicken on the poster. i never questioned that. i even drew this once in a game of pictionary and emphasized the chicken feet holding the marionette strings. so imagine my surprise when i watch this and it's not a chicken, but the world's most lovable cat. i even turned off the subtitles to see him better. i'm sorry i thought you were a chicken, bud 
1482  Alright, I’m sure everyone is pissed at the Oscars for some reason or another so perhaps I’m safe to post this so it goes under the radar that I lowered this by a full star...I’m not gonna go into detail, but everything about the movie is excellent, I just kinda feel like it’s kneecapped by a strange lack of focus? It trims the fat of the novel it’s based on but also hops around from character to character based…  
1483  Never leave the cannoli behind...Francis Ford Coppola's iconic gangster epic forever changed not only its own genre but cinema as a whole. The Corleone family as well as all of their allies and enemies were given three dimensional personality through timeless performances. One of the major pieces in the New Hollywood movement, this was an artistic dive into the vicious organized crime underworld that even had the biggest book snobs admitting that film adaptations can exceed their source material. …  
1484 After 28 long years, I finally pulled the trigger on Coppola’s masterpiece and settled in to watch it the way it was meant to be seen: in bed, with wireless headphones, trying not to wake my sleeping girlfriend. 
1485 lol yeah I liked this a bit more than I did when I was 13.It's crazy how much someone's tastes can change over a decade. How the fuck did I not love this movie before? 
1486 As an Italian intellectual would say, bellissimo!!! 
1487 Goodness, I don’t think this one is ever going to age! It’s definitely a special movie. 
1488  The Godfather is often labeled as the greatest film of all time and boy does it live up to that name. The Godfather is a landmark in motion picture history and is a cinematic masterpiece. There is nothing weak about this film, everything about it is powerful.The script is sound and the film is full of complex characters. Marlon Brando (Don Vito Carleone) is the perfect leader of the family and a very intimidating figure, Al Pacino (Michael Corleone)…  
1489 Simply put, The Godfather seriously challenges the assumption that no film can be truly perfect. 
1490 لو كل ده حصل في اول جزء بس انا مش عارف اتوقع ايه من الجاي 
1491 Issa straight up MASTAPEECE 
1492 Jojo’s Bizarre Adventures: Part Five: Golden Wind did this better tbh 
1493 para todo hay tiempos, no hay que quemar etapas. gracias dios que no la vi con 15 años, solo se ve el padrino por primera vez una sola vez. 
1494 “Michael Francis Rizzi do you renounce Satan?””I do renounce him.””… and all his works?””I do renounce them.” 
1495 i had to take a break from my elvis presley binge and watch the best movie ever created 
1496 need the short one to rail me 
1497  nossa mais que sem graça ein, os únicos personagens que prestam são as mulheres e o vito corleone porque o resto são todos sem graça, principalmente o personagem do al pacino que eu achei bem insuportável, mas em minha defesa, eu tava gostando super do personagem dele só que depois de um tempo ele começou a ter umas ações de adulto chato.tava esperando um grande filme e infelizmente não recebi o que queria porque eu tava esperando um roteiro…  
1498 ROBERT DUVALL 
1499 i am convinced no man on earth has ever looked better than al pacino in this movie 
1500 passado q o pai da sofia coppola também dirige 
1501  I felt like a nice, safe rewatch tonight so I decided that this would be a good one which in retrospect is kinda funny because this is a 3 hour slow burn film that is honestly one of the most devastating films out there but I still consider it a comfort film for many reasons. I’ve seen this so many times that I’ve memorised the dialogue for the majority of it so whenever I revisit it I don’t get a…  
1502 It’s like….it’s not as good as Morbius (2022) but it was alright. 
1503 My dad & I started rewatching this film this past Christmas, and after pausing halfway because I was getting tired we finally resumed the rest today. I couldn’t tell you the last time I saw this film, but finally coming back to it all these years later…it’s honestly pretty much perfect. Coppola really is just that guy.Grade: 4.5/5 (A) 😁 
1504 it’s no goncharov 
1505 average film enjoyer opinion (but I still haven’t watched the other ones) 
1506  I think this movie is good but people overhype this movie so much.For me this was just good, for example I would rather watch Robert de Niros Casino before I watch this again, this movie is just pretty average in my eyes and I'm still looking to see what people find so amazing about this movie as there isn't really anything I can think off the top of my head.Another thing about this movie I disliked was the…  
1507  Me: I don’t know what to do, Godfather. It’s been a long week for me, long week. Anyway, if only I could watch a movie with masterclass acting, a perfectly well written thematic story that still manages to be relatable no matter how violent or gritty the crime can be, an esteemed director at his peak pioneering his craft into one of the most influential films of all-time, it would put me back on top. Oh, Godfather, I don’t know what…  
1508  “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.”I put off watching this film for so long, mainly because I was worried that it wouldn’t live up to its name of being ‘one of the greatest films ever made’. Also, while I tend to like most of the films that I watch from it, mafia/crime isn’t normally my go-to genre. This film’s lengthy runtime was quite daunting at first, and I didn’t want to start watching something from a…  
1509 The Mike Trout of movies - just hit after hit after hit after hit. Also, still perfect. 
1510 Pretty good I guess 
1511 Trust me, I know what you’re thinking. “How hasn’t Kallen seen The Godfather yet?”I know.  
1512  The 4K Blu-Ray just dropped on Tuesday, so yes, this is happening.I believe in America. - BonaseraThat's the first line in this movie, and it's beautiful because it's a lie. I'd argue it's the most important line in all three of the Godfather flicks, because that's the whole theme of the saga, right there in the first scene: there is the myth of America that people can try to believe in, and then there is the real America,…  
1513 I'll be doing a full review of this on my channel in the coming days, but let me just say right here, "Holy Shit...What Masterpiece." That is all for now. 
1514  Im KinoIch hätte wohl nie damit gerechnet, dieses Meisterwerk mal im Kino zu sehen. Ich kann es immer noch garnicht glauben.  Das Bild war super, der Sound war gut und natürlich hatte ich Plätze in der Lounge.Auch wenn zwischendurch mal einer geplappert oder den Sitz verstellt hat, war ich noch nie in einem so ruhigen Kino. In allen entscheidenen Momenten war das Kino so ruhig, dass man schon fast vergessen hat, dass man den Film mit anderen…  
1515 I mean, I feel like everyone in the world has written an essay on this movie, so instead I’ll offer this: both Robert Duvall and James Caan played Will Ferrel’s dad in other movies. Thoughts? 
1516 Did i watch the wrong movie? Because if i could give this 0 stars i would 
1517 This movie sucks because there aren't any dinosaurs in it. 
1518 i absolutely did not watch this but wanted to announce my astonishment at 500 followers you absolute MORONS my entire existence is a joke but i love you all so much xoxoxo i have some time off so i might fuck around and watch some classics or i might finally fulfill my goal of watching the ice age saga in chronological order (i’ve never seen any!) or maybe both. the world is my oyster!!! 
1519  Since we're all gonna die, there's one more secret I feel I have to share with you: I did not care for The Godfather.What?Did not care for The Godfather.How can you even say that, dad?Didn't like it.Peter, it's so good! It's like the perfect movie!This is what everyone always said. Whenever they say...Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, I mean, you never see, Robert Duvall!Fine. Fine. Fine actor, did not like the movie.…  
1520  imdb top 250 ranked I cant believe that there are people walking on this earth who think this movie sucks and is overrated. I always put watching The Godfather off because of the length and frankly, I’m not a big fan of mafia type movies. However, I finally sat down, put my mind to it and did it. I’m so glad I did. This was the perfection I expected based on the hype surrounding the movie. This was beyond its…  
1521  being 20 years old means that i’ve been hearing about this movie almost every day for the past 20 years without watching it. i’ve always thought of it as this grand, larger than life gangster flick and although it is very much that, i did find a very personal story etched in there as well. the weight of family and the honor of sacrifice clashes with romance, love and violence. seeing michael rise up the ranks and finally become the…  
1522  Very few filmmakers are able to construct a mood the way Coppola does in The Godfather. The use of dark oaky colors throughout establishes the world of the Corleone family as one of concealment and secrecy while the melancholy soundtrack coats the film in a layer introspective sadness and regret. At times it can almost feel as if the score is calling out "things would have been better had you listened to the Godfather". Lighting is used to great effect,…  
1523 zzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz 
1524  I’m really glad I liked this, I was afraid this was gonna be one of those situations where it really was just really over hyped, like I just experienced with in to the spider-verse. Well I do think this was a little over hyped I really liked it. Marlon Brando is insane in this. He’s real good. James Caan is really good in this to and he was probably my favorite after Brando.I think my favorite thing about this…  
1525 the priest baptizing Michael’s godson: “Do you renounce satan?”Michael: “lol sure” 
1526  Film 6/20 of Movies by Decade: 1970s List of reviews: here-----A film that should need no introduction, The Godfather certainly lived up to the hype for me, as I was totally enraptured into this three hour mafioso crime story. I was admittedly a little nervous going into it as I've had some bad experiences with films that have been so universally acclaimed or hyped, and I'm not a fan of Marlon Brando but thankfully I was blown away…  
1527  It seems that the first question everyone asks about "THE GODFATHER" is concerned with Marlon Brando's interpretation of the title role. That is the way the movie has been programmed and promoted: Brando, Brando, Brando, and more Brando. The word from advance hush-hush screenings was wow all caps and exclamation point. More exclamation, in fact, than explanation. More than one whisperer intimated that Brando's make-up (by Dick Smith, the auteur also of Dustin Hoffman's Shangri-La face-furrows in "Little Big Man")…  
1528  "It's not personal Sonny...it's strictly business."- Michael CorleoneIn 1972 Francis Ford Coppola released what is now regarded as one of, if not, the greatest film(s) of all time. That film is The Godfather. The film is based upon Mario Puzo's novel of the same name. In my opinion the film is superior to the book. The book is great no doubt, but it has a lot of unnecessary backstory for some of the minor characters (such as Johnny Fontaine)…  
1529 I really do think this is a masterpiece.The acting, story, character development are sooo good.A negative thing is that i lost track of all the names. They all look like each other, at least with the clothes.And that took me out of the movie at times.I know that this problem will be solved when i will Watch at again. This is the movie i have seen most review and recaps on because there is so much going on.Its an beautifull movie with some great shots and amazing Music and i love this, tho i aint gonna Watch it often 
1530 Masterpiece! 
1531  ✨🎬Unseen Classics🎬✨I'll make him an offer he can't refuse. Yes, your eyes are not deceiving you. For I, a movie nerd, am only just now seeing The Godfather for the first time ever in my life at 30 years old. It's even more blasphemy that I still somehow (in my own way) have fond memories of this film been spoken of with high regard because it was one of my dad's favourite movies. He'd used to always do the…  
1532 michael this, vito that, sonny this. when are you guys gonna give connie her flowers!! (also i didnt fully finish it because i have to go to bed, but i basically have the goddamn script memorized so) 
1533  It insists upon itself.I'm sure many can relate—this is the film your dad always had on in the background, probably on the AMC network or something. You saw at least 20% of it over the years, all out of context. You remember the baptism scene, oranges, horses, certain assassinations, and especially the ending shot.It's great to finally watch this. Perfect example of a three-hour film done right; the run-time goes by smoothly. There's obviously so many fantastic performances—I…  
1534  Masterpiece. A colossal gangster epic. Francis Ford Coppola's crowning achievement in cinema.I could go on and on about the film's fantastic direction, the technical brilliance, the incredible writing and character development of Michael Corleone, the outstanding performances, and the beautiful score. This is the film that made me madly in love with cinema. This is the film that I've resonated the most and had the deepest connection with. I've watched this movie three times in 2019, way before I…  
1535 I wanna go to Sicily. 
1536  I did it! I finally watched The Godfather!There’s not much I can say about this film that hasn’t already been said. There’s hardly anything else like it. The story of the Corleone criminal enterprise is engaging, chilling and thought provoking. None of the characters are redeemable from a moral standpoint, but you can’t help but like them anyway. I think Sonny might be my favourite. Of course, many of the greatest scenes involve Vito Corleone, the leader of the…  
1537 al pacino looking fine making power moves for three hours?? yep to me that’s a masterpiece 
1538 "Don't tell me that you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and it makes me very angry."Even after countless of rewatches, the Godfather is still as amazing as it ever was. It's just so unlike any other film I've ever seen. It plays so incredibly authentic that it doesn't even feel like a movie at all. I really can't give it any better praise than that.250 Favorites 
1539 Way too long but still an iconic masterpiece. 
1540 mama mia 
1541 The sick heart - but who can really know how wicked it is? Although the intervening three-hours illustrate, but not always elucidate, the malice, deceit, hypocrisy, envy and slander; you could listen to the opening line and watch the final shot to summate the micro and the macro of the room - its personnel - the door, and which side of it you’re on. 
1542 The Godfather Part 1 is arguably one of the most celebrated crime movies of all time. You can see the amount of influence its hard on the genre and the set the precedent on what you can achieve. One of the best told stories about the 2 main mob families in Corleone family and tattaglia family. Al Pacino and Marlon Brando were the 2 highlights for me. One paved the way for the other and the other has been blazing the tone of what it means to be an actor of his generation. 
1543 it insists upon itself 
1544 the don corleonification of michael corleone 
1545  “It’s not personal Sonny. It’s strictly business.”One of the greatest screenplays of all time. Absolutely phenomenal writing job by Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola.The Godfather is, simply put, one of the greatest movies I’ve ever seen. Every aspect of the film is incredible. Again, the screenplay is amazing, and backed with a stellar cast and crew like you’ve got here, you can’t mess up.Every performance in this film is worth talking about, but Marlon Brando and…  
1546 Watched with one of my friends who hasn’t seen this. The way he reacted to it made me realize it needs to be in my top 4. I don’t know what I was thinking honestly. 
1547  90Una perfecta introducción a el mundo mafioso y la transición a las nuevas generaciones.Al Pacino deslumbrante aunque no tanto como Marlon hay que decir.Creo que me interesa más ver la familia Corleone liderada por Michael que por Vito, y esto es algo que la película hace muy bien, en dividir el protagonismo e ir pavimentando el camino para el ascenso de Michael con un correspondiente desarrollo adecuado de su personaje a lo largo de el filme.Y…  
1548 Last night we did ~Godfather night~. Started with antipasto and focaccia, then tortellini in bone broth, fettuccini bolognese, and wrapped it up with amaro and cannoli. Trying to convince everyone to do a Scream Night in which we only eat popcorn and red-colored corn syrup. 
1549 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  kay: Michael, when will I see you again?Michael: I'll just kill sollozzo, I'm going to Italy, I'm marrying Apolonia, widowed, I'm back and I'm looking for you  
1550 Dolby Theatre. Orchestre live qui accompagne le film. Des frissons tout le long. Calisse que ce film-là vieillit pas. Insane. 
1551 Too many men 
1552 I can not express the love I have for this film.5/5 
1553  A proper review and not a snide dismissal of a movie I’ve seen at least twenty times:A fun and charming piece of pulp that would’ve been smushed into a ninety minute potboiler in the time period it’s set in, but in the New Hollywood era was allowed to be given the epic treatment that it deserved. You can see so many different eras of filmmaking run through this film, the legendary mannered performance of Brando and the searing visceral…  
1554 Watching The Godfather in 4K UHD is absolutely stunning. Seeing it in my home theater on a large screen in this format, the way it’s intended to be seen, just reaffirms its already colossal status. Its actors, its production history, its notorious and iconic scenes are now legendary, but at 50 years old it’s still just as classic as it ever was. Just a great story, well told. Watched via Paramount Pictures 4K UHD Blu-ray.  
1555 al pacino es el hombre sexo 
1556 Brando is simply iconic as Vito CorleoneWatching this in a theater was a special experience 
1557 A film about opportunity. The good things that come from it and also the consequences. America is a country made from blood, sweat and tears. The corleone family from the outset understood what needed to be done for them to thrive. It's rare for a film to be perfect but The Godfather is one of those. It's an epic with the type of scope that's missed these days while also moving at a brisk and controlled pace. 3 hours has never felt more like a clean 90 minutes in your life. That ending will forever give me chills. 
1558 Just came back from watching this in cinemas(rewatch). Its a masterpiece,idk if i ever had it easier to give a movie 5 stars,the phenomenal perfomances in this movie are unbelievable. The restaurant scene is one of my favorite scenes oat and i cant describe how good the christening scene was. definitely one of the best movies of all time and i just cant understand the ppl who give this movie less than 5 stars.10/10Peak cinema 
1559 Seeing Don Corleone pet a cat on the big screen had me in absolute heaven!!! 🖤😻Also, what an experience seeing this for its 50th anniversary in theaters?? Truly a wonderful experience 
1560 Muhammad Ali is the GOAT. Michael Jordan is the GOAT. Tom Brady is the GOAT. "The Godfather" is the GOAT. 
1561  Being able to see this at the cinema for its 50th anniversary after 4 years of not watching it is one of the best experiences I'll probably ever have. Yes, it deserves every single bit of praise and there isn't jack shit that can be said. Its literally perfect, flawless, there isn't a single problem in it. It might just even be the best film ever made, and I wouldn't even question someone giving it that title. Every single scene…  
1562 The GOAT in Cinema! Every scene is perfection. So glad I got to finally see in cinemas. 
1563 this is/should be one of everyone’s inevitable 5 star films.Update :well call Me a hypocrite… 
1564  Yeah so I got to see this in the theater and I’ll leave you with a few words.13 year old me was a dumbass. I shoulda been sucking on a pacifier rather than watching classic cinema. The whole thing went over my head while I was goo-goo ga-gaing. I’d like to go back and give myself a punch in the jaw. Going around running my mouth “Godfather is overrated. GoodFellas is better! Blah blah blah.” (GoodFellas and One Upon…  
1565 A purely operatic crime drama told on an almost Shakespearean level. A subtle tragedy in its darkened and murderous macrocosm, but a colossal triumph for American cinema. This is quite possibly as good as it gets. 
1566 this is like succession if they were a little less mentally ill 
1567 happy 50th anniversary to the greatest movie ever made <3 
1568 Leave the gun, take the cannolis. End of tweet. 
1569 Michael gets punched in the face and is visibly bruised - then he kills two people, moves to Sicily, meets a girl, marries the girl, and becomes a widower before his black eye has fully healed. Must have been one hell of a punch. 
1570 finally watched this classic after 19 years of existence and one thing i can say it's that i wasn't disappointed! 
1571  Siempre cuando hablaba con gente random de cual era la mejor pelicula de crimen y/o mafia, siempre me mencionaban a el padrino, nunca la vi, porque no era tan fan del subgénero de mafia *hasta ahoraxd*, hasta que porfin después de esperar por 4 meses a que Hbo MAX la agregue a su catálogo desde que la anunció, puedo decir que porfin pude verla :)Marlon Brando hace un excelente trabajo aqui su personaje impone un respeto total hacia los…  
1572 started this at 2:30 am but shout out to my brain for keeping me awake until michael got back from sicily 
1573 every time i watch the restaurant scene i feel like my heart is going to explode from beating so fast 
1574 Need to watch again before I can fully express my thoughts, but for the time being, let me just say that I looooove this film. Final Verdict: A+ 
1575 If only Italians were real 😔 
1576 This movie is literally an offer you cannot refuse! 
1577 Smh ive seen this 5 times before and never left a review bc i had no clue what to even SAY it's just. it's. yeah 
1578 Duh. 
1579 This one continues to get better every time I watch it. There are so many tiny details I keep picking up on with each viewing.An undisputed masterpiece. 
1580  Fuck. It's perfect in every way. The first time I saw this I was only 14, I really liked it but maybe didn't fully appreciate it. I had it on my overrated movies list, not because I thought it was bad but becauseI felt everyone praised it way too much. Today was second ever viewing and I can confidently say I was a fucking idiot, it deserves all its praise. It's a flawless piece of cinema wi3 th some of…  
1581 no but if i had michael corleone to help me get out of an abusive relationship by murdering my husband i would be more than grateful tbh 
1582 HAPPY BIRTHDAY AL PACINO 
1583 There's nothing more gratifying on this earth than a film that becomes more and more sophisticated and enjoyable with each watch. 
1584 Don’t even get me started on this This is just different level cinema — we can’t be friends if you haven’t seen this movie Sorry not sorry 
1585 Scarface y Goodfellas son mejores. Adiós. 
1586 idk i didnt watch it 
1587  Coulda probably done without that whole  Sicily section tbqh. Otherwise, fun!Small side note, the characters in this suck and are bad people, but it’s so satisfying to watch Vito and Michael be so smart and competent at what they do. I couldn’t help but think about I Care A Lot and how a lot of people felt the main character was too mean and “got what was coming” because she was very competent at doing bad things. I’m not…  
1588  " لقد بذلت جهدا طوال حياتي في شؤون العمل، ولا أشعر بالنقص لأنني اهتممت برعاية عائلتي. لطالما رفضت أن أكون بمثابة الأحمق الذي يرقص محمولا بخيط يتحكم فيه أصحاب النفوذ. " - الدون فيتو كورليونيفيلم عن قدسية العائلة، لا أقل ولا أكثر! سمّه ما شئت، سيظل هذا العمل ذروة سنام الفن السابع على مر العصور.كل كلمة، كل لقطة، كل نغمة، كل انتقالة، كل إطار، كل مكوّن من مكونات هذا الفيلم يعكس قدراً من العظمة والهيبة.. مهما حاولت، لن…  
1589 I don't trust anyone who rates this film lower than a 9/10 just because of others that came out decades later like Goodfellas. Even an 8/10 I'll barely accept. Any lower though and I think you're trying to troll everyone or piss off those film students. Speaking of trolls, I would love to see Hollywood make a film about the asshole producers of this. It's guaranteed to be great. 
1590 okay filmbros™yes it’s still phenomenal yes i was still anxious during the restaurant scene lmaoyes the cat stole the show in the opening scene apollonia 🥺💕fuck hollywood for sexualizing the actress to the point where she didn’t want to act anymore 
1591 u know what Don Corleone imma start giving my boys kisses on the cheek too 
1592 Watching all best picture winners in random order. I don’t know if this or Part 2 is better but this is still one of the greatest movies ever made. Not much needs to be said at this point. 
1593 This is one of the two craziest films I’d never seen before (the other being Jaws). Yeah, it was great. I think it intimidated me for a long time because of the runtime and also because with gangster/crime movies, I often find them hard to follow and at times I did here but it was so worth it. Marlon Brando’s performance is the standout but character wise, my favourite was Michael. Such an excellent journey that was an great vehicle to tour the ins and outs of the mob in the 40s/50s. 
1594 ممكن العراب ما يكون الفيلم رقم 1 بالنسبة لي وللبعض ولكن هو ممكن من الأفلام القليلة اللي ما تقدر تجادل احد اذا قال انه الأفضل عبر التاريخ. 
1595 not to be parasocial about it but al pacino you ARE my best friend 
1596  *insert your favorite line from The Godfather because I can’t choose my favorite since there are way too many*The Godfather is a staple in American cinema. It’s an iconic classic. I remember watching this in 2015 and loving it from the get go. While Chaplin’s The Kid opened the door for me to explore the art of Cinema, this film kicked me over the threshold. It’s been a while since I’ve seen this film and the effect it had…  
1597 me, sweating & befuddled trying to come up with literally anything original to say about this movie: uhh...umm...the establishment shots of la when going to woltz’s studio clearly influenced bobby z with who framed roger rab-[self combusts] 
1598  How do you write about The Godfather without saying what’s already been said a million times? What do you say about the film that may not have started the movement that changed American cinema, but became the embodiment and ultimately the most influential film out of all of them? The film that is considered one of the best films of all time…and deserves it to this day?As I said, it’s hard to not go repeating everyone else. So I…  
1599 This is the 100th film my mate Joel and I have watched together since both starting to use the diary system a few years back. I'd watched it years ago, but we'd been biding our time to wait for the right opportunity to pop his cherry, and this was his moment. Spoilers: It's still a masterpiece. I don't even know if Part 2 can compete with the meticulousness of this bad boy. It's just flawless in every way. 
1600 A captivating crime thriller, with excellent performances (Marlon Brando and Al Pacino are the standouts) and stupendous filmmaking.I won't lie, it does feel sluggish at times, but otherwise, The Godfather is filled with numerous emotions and morality. 
1601 So finally I made up my mind to watch this trilogy after immense procrastination. The second highest rated film of all time. 
1602 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.”The Godfather is a 1972 crime film directed by Francis Ford Coppola who co-wrote the screenplay with Mario Puzo, based on Puzo's best-selling 1969 novel of the same name.  The story, spanning from 1945 to 1955, chronicles the Corleone family under patriarch Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando), focusing on the transformation of one of his sons, Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), from reluctant family outsider to ruthless mafia boss.This was my first…   
1603  76The quintessential film bro movie, however you want to interpret that. For me at least, after years and years of it being hyped up as one of the greatest films of all time...wow, was this an outstanding disappointment. To be fair of course, with the reputation that The Godfather has pretty much anything would have been a disappointment, and in that regard I should say that I still like this film a lot. But it is...exactly what I think…  
1604 ITALIAN AMERICANS LETS MAKE SOME NOISE 
1605 Who knows how many times I've watched this. Still iconic, still masterful. One interesting thing from this watch, I noted just how little screentime John Cazale gets as Fredo in the first film - I don't think he's on screen for more than 5 minutes. 
1606  Holy shit they were right. The Godfather is an extremely entertaining film about family, about power, and about being the biggest badass in the room. Don Vito Corleone is the coolest man in cinema, and he never lifts a finger. Marlon Brando is just as perfect as everybody says he is. You really know that he loves his family, and there are some great scenes of them all just hanging out and loving each other. Plus, Grandpa Vito was the…  
1607 yeah 1972 bruised face al pacino could deffo get it+ this movie never gets old it’s so SO good i’ll never ever shut up about it i swear ON THE SOULS OF MY GRANDCHILDREN (hope u see what i did there) 
1608 we love you al pacino 
1609  Film Nr. 1000: The Godfather. Genau, es hat 999 Filme gebraucht, damit ich mir endlich dieses vielgepriesene Meisterwerk zu Gemüte geführt habe. Ohne Frage DER grosse Meilenstein der Filmgeschichte und tausendfach von hochrespektierten, in die Tasten hämmernden Berufskritikern Szene für Szene umgekrempelt und bis ins letzte Detail analysiert. Daher möchte ich mich gar nicht weit aus dem Fenster lehnen und meinen Amateursenf darüber giessen.Der Film überzeugt so ziemlich auf allen Ebenen. Mit seinen 175 Minuten Lauflänge hat er dann…  
1610 I’m only rating it bc if I don’t it’ll fuck with my stats page, but honestly I had such a bad headache and I zoned out 12 times and only could really focus for the first and last half hour at most, but those were all pretty good. A lot of shit happened to characters I didn’t know the names of but y’know it’s all part of the fun.I really only watched it so I can say I’ve seen The Godfather and... well I’ve seen The Godfather. 
1611 I belong to an ethnic Italian family and I'm seeing this movie for the first time in 2020. Probably the best character arc ever written, honestly. That's all I have to say. "Leave the gun, take the cannoli."One of a kind 
1612 Perfect. It's absolutely perfect. 
1613 It’s a great film and very before it’s time but my god my attention span can not take a 3 hour movie. 
1614 Hollywood storytelling at its best. Just a perfect piece of cinematic construction with a smooth as butter narrative, fantastic characters brought to life by an impeccable cast, and some really awesome dialogue. Hard not to love. 
1615 After reading the Mario Puzo novel a couple of years ago, I think I appreciate this film even more than I did watching all those years before. The book is so pulpy and has a number of chapters centered around Sonny’s mistress that make no sense at all. Coppola took that book and made a masterpiece. This is a film that will never age, never deteriorate, a film that will only get better time after time. It’s the fucking Catalina wine mixer of gangster films. 
1616 Spectacular film, got you on the edge of your seat with interest and curiosity. Sophisticated characters filled with untold history, interlaced moral situations that make you think twice about messing with someone's family. Don Corleone, trust me at the top it isn't lonelyyy. 
1617 the baptism scene is one of the best moments in movie history!!!! 
1618 i don't really have anything to add, other than i just saw nipples on cable thanks to michael's old country wedding night and it was probably the least offensive thing in the entire movie lol 
1619 kay: michael i love you michael: do yall hear sumn...? 
1620  Master's Movie Challenge:A film that I'm ashamed I haven't seen yetHoly shit.After experiencing one of the most famous movies ever made today, I was in a state of shock. I couldn't believe what I had witnessed. For some odd reason, I always thought of The Godfather as a 'film school' movie where the plot isn't that important. I couldn't have been more incorrect. The plot is what drives the 3-hour run time. The plot is so engaging…  
1621 Al Pacino... homeboys gonna like... get it 
1622 Hey did 'yall know that Sofia Coppola's dad made movies? Wild! Anyway this is good but it feels like two different movies that are kinda just stitched together. Also Marlon is a bitch who can't act I'm glad he didn't have much screentime which also brings me to him winning the Lead Actor Oscar. He's definitely supporting, Al Pacino is the lead (and he's a very good lead). The cinematography is great and there are some really cool shots (tHAT LAsT sHoT!!) so that was nice. Also miss Diane Keaton really is that bitch where is her supporting actress nom, huh? HUH??? 
1623 SANTINO "SONNY" CORLEONE DESERVED SO MUCH BETTER. 
1624 You could say that it is overrated, but you would be wrong. The Godfather is the greatest movie ever made.  
1625 I will not indulge anyone with any sarcastic comments or try to be witty, I will just be straightforward with you:The Godftaher is fucking incredible, and if you don't like this film, you better have a good fucking reason for it.100/100 
1626 "'Godfather' is a term used by his friends, one of affection, one of respect." - Michael Corleone, The Godfather Part II 
1627  The Godfather is one of those films that I normally keep for a special occasion. It is such a legendary movie that even a simple review requires respect and appreciation of the genre defining movie.Where do you start? Francis Ford Coppola was 32 years old when Robert Evans hired him to direct "The Godfather". Giving Coppola the reins to such a revered book was a big surprise. His previous films were flops and once he was on board he set…  
1628  The Godfather seems to get even better every time I see it.Marlon Brando is Vito Corleone, the mafia don whose empire starts to crumble when he opts out of a move into narcotics, only for war-hero son Michael (Al Pacino) to enter the fold, jettisoning his father's dream that he'd become a senator. It's grand and sweeping, and yet intensely personal: a wonderfully-acted fusion of family saga and human tragedy whose key players inhabit a vivid world of fierce…  
1629 when the mafia boss pulls up with a cat yk he’s goatedp.s this and godfather 2 were my grandas fave films 
1630 This was my first rewatch and there was so much more to appreciate having seen Part II and even Part III. Simply as good as everyone says, if not better. 
1631 I watched The Godfather 
1632 alright i understand i get it to my core. another movie with a man i want to embody entirely. which means nothing. 
1633 Opening scene is ripped off from Zootopia. 
1634  Finally got myself into watching the Godfather after i heard “Oh my god u didnt watch Godfather??!” like at least 50 times my whole life.It was good because i liked the comedy aspect out of it the most, I only took the movie serious when the movie wanted me to do it. 90% of the movie is just sicilians talking funny and it was peak for me.Would I consider it one of the best movies ever made? Me…  
1635 Sim, eu me imaginei sendo o Don Corleone. Como descobriu? 
1636 Not as good as Black Swan (2010) 
1637 Wow I didn't expect this to be as good as it was. From the first half of the film, I was blown away from how good it was. Michael's character was amazing, his development was some of the best development I've probably ever seen in a movie he was fantastic. I need more Al pacino after watching that. The sequences were shocking at times, my jaw was on the floor during the restaurant scene. The build up, the suspense, tension during parts of the film were done brilliantly. Every character had a purpose and served so well to the story.This was incredible 
1638 محاولات إنصاف هالفيلم دائما تخرج بنتيجة فاشلة.. أعتقد أفضل تكريم للفيلم هو إعطاءه العلامة الكاملة والإكتفاء بذلك. 
1639 2023 Summer Watchlistboxd.it/nEIrSIs The Godfather: Part ll a crossover with the Fairy Godmother from Shrek 2 and my own godfather? I can’t enjoy movies without crossovers. 
1640 Die letztes Jahr anlässlich des 50. Jubiläums erstellte 4K Restaurierung von Der Pate ist das wohl schönste, das man seinem Fernseher zuspielen kann.Wer sich noch immer fragt, was der „Unsinn“ mit HDR10 oder Dolby Vision denn soll, sollte sich einmal dieses aufwendig restaurierte Meisterwerk auf einem OLED Fernseher ansehen. 
1641 I finally did it, folks. After putting it off for so long, I finally saw what many consider the greatest film of all time. Now people won't yell at me, criticize me, or make fun of me for not watching it (though they'll probably do all three cause I waited so long to watch it, but what do I know?).I still don't understand what Peter Griffin meant by "it insists upon itself" though. Paperking Approved Films 
1642 considerando que é um dos filmes mais elogiados do mundo, achei apenas bom, tipo, tem seus méritos, mas não é tudo isso não...a trama é até que simples pow, acho que o que se sobressai mesmo são as atuações do brando e pacino, mesmo preferindo ele como scarface.aí vcs me falam que o segundo é bem melhor, pow SÃO 3H20 🗣️ 
1643 obsessed with how this was literally perfect in every way the first time and then watching it again on a big screen made it so much better. it’s impossible to say anything about this that wasn’t said in a much better way 50 years ago, but just watching something so technically perfect and resonating with it and feeling a part of it is so powerful. three hours and not a single second wasted 
1644 No puede haber nada mejor en este mundo que presenciar esta monstruosidad en un cine!!!!! 
1645 currently reading “Leave the Gun Take the Cannoli” and it is giving everything its serving cunt slaying absolute penis and has had me craving this movie so bad the author is right al pacino is just a little pipsqueak with eyes that undress you 
1646 I've put this movie off for years and years convinced that this would be an overrated experience...I was so fucking wrong, so so fucking wrong. This is a perfect film. 
1647 they put crack in al pacino as michael corleone 
1648 this movie does nothing but appeal to the male fantasy. all women are whores, all men are superior mafia bosses. couldn’t finish the movie, i’m still convinced it only exists so that male film students can shame women for not liking it lmao 
1649 “thats my family kay, thats not me.”the greatest movie ever made. period. 
1650 I was more entertained during my dads funeral 
1651 I honestly can't believe I didn't watch this earlier. Unbelievably good. 
1652  I never want to see this ever again!! God damn. Yes, it's very well made, but I just don't care!! My film studies teacher is obsessed with this film so I don't really want to have my opinion be drowned out by everyone in the class. I gave this four stars last time, but this time I was paying a lot more attention and the whole time I was just ugghhhh.I will say the baptism scene was gave this…  
1653  Mike and Dave's Scavenger Hunt, Vol 2!: The Spawning | A film one or both parents consider to be personal favoritesMy parents love the Godfather movies. I think they both prefer #2 over the first one, but I can't agree or disagree to that just yet. (I'll get to the sequels very soon.) My folks always pushed to me watch this but for some stubborn inexplicable reason, I resisted. I had no excuse, really. I had seen bits and…  
1654 That and part II are the best crime-mafia movies I’ve seen in my life. Crazy how influential that is, and that the cinema wouldn’t be the same without this masterpiece. I don’t even know what to say, it has everything. Best writing in cinema history? - CheckBest cast in cinema history? - CheckBest soundtrack? - CheckOne of the best directors ever? - CheckOne of the best leading roles? - CheckThe most influential, deep masterpiece you can break down into pieces, where every second is important, every performance is masterful, and the picture revolutionary? You guessed it right, Check.100000000000000000/100000000000000000 
1655 would’ve been more effective if instead of putting a horse head in his bed, he put 2 
1656  The Offer follow up.Leave the gun, take the cannoli.One of the best films ever made no question. Looks like a Caravaggio painting, feels like a Shakespearian underworld royal family drama, and somewhat captures well the beauty of real-life moments — like the wedding sequence. A story of immigrants, capitalism, power, succession, and how corruption takes root in the heart of a man. With of course the best score of all time no questions, and probably the best ending…  
1657 i couldn’t get into this at all sorry 😭 
1658 ano the feeling Vito lad, other day I bought a luco for me mate. He’s forever in me pocket now 
1659 angry italian men running around killing people for 3 hours 
1660 Amo que os queridos resolvem muito mais os problemas da população do que a própria polícia (e quem não é mais eficaz que a polícia?). Só acho que o Lula deveria instaurar o projeto "Sua Máfia Minha Vida". Sempre que revejo The Powerful Big Boss, fico impressionada com o nível de grandiosidade dessa história. As vicissitudes das vidas dos Corleone, o amadurecimento, as rupturas, as evoluções (ou retrocessos) morais. Sem mencionar a qualidade técnica megalomaníaca, em quesito roteiro, atuações, diálogos, fotografia, trilha - TUDO. Cinema de alto nível, literalmente tudo e mais um pouco. 
1661 Of course I've gave it 5 stars! It's the god damn Godfather what the hell did you expect!This film slaps unbelievably hard. 
1662 It was Agatha all along ❌It was Barzini all along ✅ 
1663 Um dos maiores clássicos do cinema, O Poderoso Chefão é uma aula do que se deve fazer em um filme, pois aqui temos um texto primoroso do Mario Puzo e do Francis Ford Coppola, atuações de outro nível, com destaques ao Marlon Brando e o Al Pacino, mas todos atuam de uma forma brilhante, mesmo tendo quase 3 horas de duração, ele consegue utilizar muito bem o tempo pra não deixar pontas soltas e a direção do Francis Ford Coppola é magnífica..Nota:10/10 
1664 I do not care for the godfather 
1665 yeah, i’m 1/4 italian. and yeah, this was exactly like my childhood growing up in an austin suburb in the 00s-10s. 😎🤌🏻 
1666 It insists upon itself 
1667 “It’s the perfect movie” - Lois GriffinMichael Corleone a underrated sigma 
1668 Generally against the death penalty but then I watch a movie in a crowded theater and it gets me reconsidering some things 
1669  As a side note, I haven’t logged anything for a while because for new years I’ve been staying at an Airbnb with bad wifi so there’s my explanation also happy new year everyone!!Okay now on to the actual review. I knew going into this this movie is the fifth highest film in the top 250 (at time of writing), and that is higher expectations than any movie I’ve ever seen before, honestly. And it pretty much lived up to…  
1670  On the bonus disc of the Corleone Legacy Edition blu-ray set, there is a feature titled The Godfather on the Red Carpet-HD. I assumed it would be cool old footage of the premiere from 1972. Young Pacino, Brando, Duvall, and everybody else just strutting around and being interviewed. And, it would be restored just like the “HD” indicated. Nope. It was people on the red carpet to the film Cloverfield randomly being asked questions about The Godfather. If you’ve been…  
1671  🔥💯🔥2nd Watch | Top 100 | Francis Ford Coppola RankedEverything about The Godfather has probably already been said. As one of the most renowned movies of all time, The Godfather definitely got some things right. That was what made me so excited to watch it for the first time a few months ago during September. However, despite all my anticipation, the movie fell way too short. Its near 3 hour runtime took its toll and I remember falling…  
1672 eu queria ser capaz de construir uma máquina do tempo só para me humilhar aos pés do al pacino jovem como pode ter sido o homem mais lindo q já existiu 
1673 Anybody seen this shit 
1674 Haven’t seen this movie, but some dude on the internet called me gay and I’m so devastated and need some way to let out my anger 
1675 al pacino as michael corleone is literally the only 1.5m man i am genuinely afraid of 
1676  It was very good to revisit this film, because now knowing the story, I had an easier time understanding the events. And that was one of the reasons that got in the way of my other experience, I didn't understand the reason for certain actions and I missed a lot. It is necessary to pay attention to the lines and names of the characters (which are many, another reason why I got lost), each action has a consequence and now…  
1677 Finally got round to watching this – the quintessential 'I can't believe you haven't seen' film – and the family member I was watching it with came out to me a few minutes into the runtime, so we barely watched it because we couldn't stop talking to each other with joy and candour and shared experience. I guess I still haven't really 'seen' it, just had it as a slightly discordant three-hour soundtrack, but I'm logging the memory <3 
1678 What a picture. Paramount 4K looks incredible. 
1679 I did it, I finally watched it!! WOWWW 
1680 Est ce que al pacino se rend compte de la chance qu'il a d'être al pacino 
1681  Talking about the Godfather can only go two ways, you either write a lengthy review talking about how good it is or you write a few lines, ackeknowledging how everything's has already been said about it and how good of a movie it is. I guess this is the latter, but I hope one day I can attempt on delivering the former. The Godfather's scope is immesureable, tremendous, its naturalism, its plot-heavy yet visually engaging tale always lit in gold…  
1682  Top 250 - #11--Yeah, it's the Godfather. Yeah, every aspect of this thing is wonderfully crafted. Yeah, it's one of the best films ever made (and not even my favourite of the trilogy, Coppola really went off during the 70's huh?) This isn't a violent or hectic gangster film like GoodFellas, it's more about how this organised crime syndicate is built and sustained through generations, and how its structure lies within these families, what reasons they have…  
1683 Imagine thinking 1972 was 50 years ago though! 🐴 
1684 Finally i Celebrated the 50th Anniversary In Theatre and Be part of History 
1685 Seeing it in cinemas was surreal and ye I mean fuck me what can I say. 
1686 slept through the first hour but seeing those last 30-35 mins on the big screen was truly something else. 
1687 Had to see The Godfather in theaters to fully appreciate this masterpiece as I find it's too comfy of a viewing at home. New restoration is incredible, older masters couldn't do the high contrast and crushing darks justice. Might go and watch this again if it plays into next week. 
1688 All-time classic. 
1689  Hey so there’s this lesser known film Coppola made before his big break out movie, Jack. It’s actually pretty good.In all seriousness this was a stone cold masterpiece and I have no idea why it took me this long to watch it. So it seemed fitting to watch it as my 1000th film (or at least 1000th logged, there’s probably a few I don’t remember) and I’m so glad I finally did. The shots, the lighting, the cutting, the…  
1690  "Un hombre que no dedica suficiente tiempo a su familia no es un verdadero hombre."Para cerrar con broche de oro el año por fin le di otra visita a mi película favorita de todos los tiempos, una obra que no envejece, que añeja como los buenos vinos y hace que su experiencia se sienta como la primera vez que la viste.Un repaso a una historia muy solida sobre el mundo de la mafia a manos de las familias…  
1691 The Godfather, what else can I say… 
1692  فيلم ( The Godfather )إهداء ( وراء كل ثروة عظيمة جريمة. ) - أونوريه دي بلزاك . 1799 | 1850قيمة العمل الفنية تكمن في التأثير الذي قام به على الناس .. هات عمل درامي قام بتعريفك على مسمى ( المافيا ) كما فعل Godfather ، سأختصرها لك ( لا يوجد ) ، ماهي الشخصية الاشهر بالنسبة لك في عالم السينما ؟ ستتذكرها دائمًا .. الدون فيتو ، بدون مبالغة و بدون بحث في هذه النقطة ، أكاد أجزم…  
1693 one day i will have the mental capacity to learn all of these characters’ names but today is not that day 
1694 Every film critic since 1972 has given expertly written and well thought out reviews of The Godfather. Every film nerd has watched The Godfather and probably the making of documentaries on the dvd or Blu-ray, leaving very little to add to the conversation. Even saying it’s one of the undisputed greatest films in American cinema is underselling it to the uninitiated and down playing it to those intimately familiar with every frame and quote. Even pithy, short reviews reveal its monumental achievement, so here’s mine: The Godfather? More like GOODfather. 
1695 anything for 70s al pacino 
1696 I have a simple policy: I see a kitty, I give 5 stars. 
1697 If any film deserves to be called a masterpiece, it's this one. Literally everything about this film is perfect: the performances, the story, the pacing, the cinematography, the shot composition, the dialogue, the score, the costumes, the camera work, etc. It probably has the best character arc in cinematic history. I never get tired of rewatching this iconic masterpiece. 
1698 Happy Father’s Day :) 
1699 in my entire life of seeing this poster, i have never noticed that there's a cat. 
1700  The Godfather'ı daha yeni izlediğim için linç etmeyin lütfen. Bu şaheseri bu kadar geç izlediğim için kendime yeterince kızgınım. Filmin “yorumuna” gelince... Bu filmi övmekten başka hiçbir şey yapamam.Öncelikle üç saat nasıl geçti anlamadım. Normalde bu tarz sert filmleri izlemeye çok alışkın değilim ama bundan sonra bağımlısı olacağım gibi. Kameranın hareketleri çok temiz ve keskin. Sahneler arası geçişlerin fazla olmasına rağmen asla gözü yormuyor. Oyunculuklar çok oturaklı aynı zamanda da çok doğal. Zaten ben kimim ki rollerini oynamakla kalmayıp…  
1701 best movie ever made seriously got chills multiple times watching this i want this movie in powder form so i can snort it like coke 12 times a day 
1702 Fredo, you’re my older brother and I love you. But don’t ever take sides with anyone against the family again. Ever. Since it’s the Oscars today, it felt fitting to revisit a couple of my favourite best picture winners. Happy birthday to Al Pacino who portrayed & delivered one of the greatest characters and performances ever, the one and only Michael Corleone. Fun fact: Al Pacino boycotted the Academy Awards ceremony, angry that he was nominated for the Best Actor in a Supporting Role Oscar, noting that his character had more screentime than his co-star, Best Actor winner Marlon Brando. 
1703 michael corleone if you see this i’m free friday night are you free friday night so we can hang out on friday night if you’re free I’d like to hang out on friday night, let me know if you’re free friday night when i am free 
1704 every single watch of this is just ridiculous, 4th/5th time now and it feels fresh as ever. arguably the greatest rise/fall of any film character i’ve seen, whether you see it as a rise or fall just depends on the kind of person you are. and that folks, is cinema.    -coppola ranked  
1705  I’m always surprised by how immersive this movie is. I start it thinking I’ll have something else to do but I end up watching the whole thing and now it’s nearly midnight and I’ve done none of the work I planned to do for the night. That’s cinema!I’m not a huge fan of the story or even the characters, but the lines are well written and delivered with a lot of zest, the shots are perfectly staged, and the…  
1706 this was very good and all, and it’s very deserving of all the praise - but peter griffin is VALID 
1707 they’re beyond fucked up for making michael look like that in Italy.... the little bruise his little hat his little vest I will seriously bite my arm off 
1708 It took me 23 years to finally watch the greatest American film every made!!!!  Not much more to say, I love gangster films and this is literally The Godfather of them all!! 
1709  Isso não é uma crítica. Irei apenas citar minha ideia sobre o filme mas o que quero deixar abaixo é uma carta aberta à The Godfather. -Barzini vai agir primeiro contra você. Vai marcar uma reunião com você e alguém de sua inteira confiança. Como garantia para si segurança. Nessa reunião, você será assassinado. Nunca gostei tanto de beber vinho. Estou bebendo mais. -Faz bem para o senhor, papa.-Não sei. Está feliz com sua mulher e seus filhos ? …  
1710  You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?I'm happy that the first gangster movie I ever watched continues to be the only one I can enjoy. After coming away dissapointed in films like Scarface and the myriad of Scorseses, The Godfather remains an undisputed masterpiece and personal favourite. First of all, the pacing is phenomenal. I'm shocked that it's a 3 hour long film, because I honestly never…  
1711 Look, everyone! It’s a perfect movie! It had been a while since I last saw this one, and the older I get and more I understand film, the more I adore this movie. I think its indictments about America and the lies we tell ourselves about our country are dead-on. I had also forgotten that this movie, in addition to being thoughtful and perfectly crafted, is damn entertaining. Even the Sicilia stuff, which used to feel out of place to me, now works wonders and I kind of love it. 
1712 Todas la veces me maravillo con la perfección de la simbología del bautismo, el contraste con el Michael del casamiento del comienzo y el final sublime. 
1713  Okay, I'm ashamed that cinema has dominated my life for nearly a decade now and at 22 years old, I'm just now watching The Godfather, but as one of my friends pointed out while discussing the film with me yesterday - better than seeing The Godfather when you're just getting into film, is hearing about how great it is for 20 years and how ashamed you should be for not watching it, and then finally seeing it in your 20s…  
1714 maybe i should join the mafia 
1715 i want michael corleone to make me an offer i can’t refuse 
1716 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I’ve never wanted to be a part of a family as much as the Corleones. This was a masterpiece.The events were very fast in a very slow movie it’s confusing a bit. Also a lot of scenes SHOKED the hell out of me, I did not see that coming.“I'll make him an offer he can't refuse.”I didn’t feel the length of time in this movie, I enjoyed it, as I say again, a masterpiece. I really wished sonny killed his sister’s husband. He was a piece of trash.Anyway, all hail the new godfather, Michael. 💚  
1717  This is my favorite movie of all time because I learn something new about life and myself every time I watch it. It has countless lessons and the one I took this time is: a man that doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man.Also it’s just insanely watchable and entertaining. Like Parasite, it is a perfect mix of high film and entertaining movie. I saw it with my mom in a theatre and I’ll…  
1718 Dedicating this predictable yet well-deserved 5 1/2 stars to the cat in the opening sequence. Little buddy had no idea they were making history by batting at Marlon Brando’s hands and utterly charming me to the point of needing to watch the same scene 6 times in order to concentrate on what was actually being said. 
1719  Por mais que Walter Benjamin já tenha falado da perda da aura da obra de arte na era de sua reprodutibilidade técnica, a experiência de assistir a uma cópia restaurada de O Poderoso Chefão (“The Godfather”, EUA, 1972, dir.: Francis Ford Coppola), no cinema, mantém algo do maravilhoso de se ver uma obra prima em toda a força presente de sua materialidade. Poucas vezes se terá a oportunidade de vivenciar e compreender a experiência do Cinema, de um ponto de…  
1720 “Fredo, you're my older brother, and I love you. But don't ever take sides with anyone against the Family again. Ever.”This is my favorite movie. Plain and simple. About to watch The Godfather Part II for the first time so that might change but I mean come on, it’s The Godfather. 
1721 With the oscar winning performance from Marlon Brando, assured direction from Francis Ford Coppola and beautifully crafted storytelling, The Godfather cemented itself as one of cinema's greatest offers. A truly remarkable piece of art. 
1722 al pacino sir i love you 
1723 Just mind blowing. It’s called the best film of all time for a reason. Marlon Brando was a gift that will never matched. His performances were so unique and so perfect he was just a beautiful talent. Everything else will just be repeats of what you have already heard so I won’t tread tirelessly treaded ground. But in short, a must see and the greatest film of all time. 
1724  Well... Now I know how it feels to be a virgin on Prom Night getting fucking railed in the backseat of Chads convertible with some cannolis sitting on the dashboard. My cherry has been popped. I have been deflowered. I've been fucked in every way and hole imaginable. I feel like I ripped out of my mothers birth canal holding a revolver and a glass of red wine. My dead Italian/Sicilian ancestors are looking down on me tonight crying and…  
1725 An uncontested masterpiece. 
1726 I'm CRYING. I really don't care what anyone says: The Godfather is in my opinion the finest film ever made. And seeing it in theatres? GORGEOUS. I was totally sucked into the movie (of course because the story is wonderful) BUT also on the big screen we could see the textures of everything and the visual quality of it was so breathtaking I nearly cried. Anyway, I love this movie and I legit teared up at the end, that's how much I love this film. ALSO CAN WE TALK ABOUT THAT MF SOUNDTRACK??? CHILLS. I GET CHILLS. 
1727 10 fake punches out of 10 
1728 I honestly don't feel qualified to make any commentary about this film. 
1729 Finally decided to check this off my list of shame. It's easy to see why it's held in such high regard and often named as the greatest film of all time. Astounding in many ways from the enigmatic performances to the spot on direction and script. Not much to say about The Godfather that hasn't already been said a million times, it's damn good and if you were like me and haven't checked this out, do so right now! 
1730  When I was nineteen or so, I was going through my first year of university and was completely mortified about my lack of cinema knowledge. Growing up in a family that liked to stick to the old stapples, I didn't get to see much of the really seminal pieces of work. When The Godfather came up in discussion I hung my head in shame. I found a copy in my local video shop, when they were still a thing, and…  
1731 For a movie that is 2 hours and 50 minutes, the more I watch "The Godfather", the less it feels like that to me. Probably the magic of phenomenal filmmaking. I can buy that. 
1732 I would give this movie an infinity to infinity score. What a movie a total masterpiece a classic and an legendary film in whole world. Marlon Brando, Al pacino and other cast members were just amazing. i have seen this movie like 10 times and still this movie surprises me and takes my breath away. Don't know why it is 9.2 on Imdb it should 10/10.Greatest movie ever. Hats off to Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo. 
1733 A estas alturas, me parece ridículo hacer una reseña de El Padrino.At this stage, writing a review of The Godfather seems ridiculous to me. 
1734 I don’t think Michael actually believes in God because he was killing people when he said it. 
1735 After a rewacth this was better then my first watch  ,Now, Is the godfather 2 better ?For me now this is better then goodfellas that was my second fav oat but now it’s going down The godfather top 3 movie oat Perfect  
1736 how do i convey my thoughts and emotions towards sonny corleone in a dignified and non-slutty manner 
1737 If i log my review of the Godfather II tonight it means I’m being held hostage by Sergio Muñoz, pls tell him to let me go. 
1738 mamma mia i cooka da piz- [CAR CRASH] [BOOM] [GUNSHOT] [EXPLOSION] [YELLING] [POLICE SIRENS] [HELICOPTERS AND NEWS TRUCKS] [BANG] 
1739 how come don corleone can take 6 back shots and nobody will bat an eye? but when i take 6 back shots in the bedroom (from men) everybody loses their minds 
1740 uma família mafiosa que  luta para estabelecer sua supremacia nos EUA depois da Segunda Guerra Mundial. MASTERPIECE 
1741  95I watched this while eating spaghetti heh..What else am I suppose to say about this film? It been talked time and time again so why repeat. We know — this is one of the best films ever made — and I don’t need to tell you that, everyone probably already has said that. But I guess I’ll say it. ‘The Godfather’ brilliantly crafted a portrait of family in turmoil that is slowly shown as time goes on across…  
1742 sonny corleone was real as fuck except for that one part where he said the n word 
1743 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "So that was the best movie ever," I thought as the credits rolled. I didn't cry, I didn't laugh, I wasn't scared or had a similar, yes, almost physical experience like in 2001. I didn't feel the big emotions like in The Green Mile, or laugh as warmly as in Licorice Pizza. I didn't see the really big pictures like in War and Peace. Not the acting performance of Heath Ledger, who constantly punches you in the pit of your…   
1744 אני רציתי לרשום פה מגילה אבל אפילו בריוואץ׳ קשה לי לעכל את המאסטרפיס הזה וכל המסקנות שלי ממנו. 
1745  I was very excited when I heard that this film was playing at my local theater. Normally, faith-based films are unfairly denigrated by biased secular critics, but this film about God was so extraordinarily good that it even won over the godless haters, securing a 97% Fresh rating on the anti-Christian Rotten Tomatoes. I bought my tickets for opening weekend, pleasantly surprised to find that it was playing in the fancy Dolby theater when I'm used to watching films only…  
1746 I didn't watch it again, I just wanted to elaborate on my previous review. This movie is absolutely a masterpiece that deserves all the praise it gets. Al Pacino is amazing in this. Marlon Brando is great. It's wonderfully written and would love to read the book. It has a great score. I do have one complaint, though, and it's that I thought the ending was a little dragged and just overall not that great of ending.But obviously I love this movie and it'll easily make top 20 favorites. 
1747  saw this at some point in highschool, going into it i knew people considered it the best movie of all time so i had a chip on my shoulder, was probably on my phone and thought it was boring. when youre a kid you want to disagree with the status quo, challenge everything that comes your way. but at 24, this was arguably one of the best movies ive ever seen. my favorite moment was the restaurant scene when he…  
1748 always quite odd when a film is just as good as you expect it to be, no more no less. Quite a shaggy picture in spots, broader than expected, and a janky temporal flow. 8.3/10 
1749 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I wasn't concentrating much in the second half of the film because of the discussion of my pick for Film Cult, Paterson (2016), which I got to host so thank you so much Logan and the rest of the club for being nice and especially to Aneth for not killing me! Thanks for that. That was amazing! As for The Godfather (1972) it was great, however slow-paced it was enjoyable; although I didn't understand some of it, it was still quite interesting. I really need to revisit this!  
1750  I thought it would be a funny bit to go through film school and watch everything except The Godfather so if someone mentioned the "mai wife!" scene from Borat I could go, “yes, I know that scene!” but if someone mentioned the horse head scene from The Godfather I could go, “I’m sorry, I don’t get that reference.” Just for the bit, of course. And it’s a funny bit. But sadly, I realized I was doing more harm to myself…  
1751 couldve just stared at a blank piece of paper for the same effect 
1752  I made it 28 years before I felt the need to watch this film, and it’s sequels, for the first time. When I first go to this films Letterboxd page I was greeted to that unanimously tall bar for 5*. I knew what I was getting into. I was very engrossed in the first half of this or so, up until Michael had to skip town. I tried to love the story, the cast is great, effects are good for…  
1753 Back in the Seventies, my friend John and I cut off the head of a giant bluefin tuna we'd caught earlier in the day, and put it in bed with this asshat named Ray who'd been harshing our mellow. We positioned the tuna's mouth so it was about a half-inch from Ray's lips, then retired to the living room, smoked a couple of bowls, and waited for Ray to wake up.That's how much of an inspiration this movie is to me. 
1754  FILM #11 OF THE DECEMBER CHALLENGEThe Godfather should NOT be considered a classic. It's is extremely overrated. Does that mean it's a bad movie? No, it's actually quite decent. But there are a few problems with the movie that kept me from loving it as much as everyone else seems to. My biggest problem with the film is that the first 2 hours are extremely bland and boring. Very few interesting things happen within those first 2 hours, with…  
1755 Hab nach Abschicken der Review ausversehen auf "Delete" gedrückt.Konnte eh nichts Neues sagen.Der Pate ist so brilliant wie alle sagen. 
1756 This instantly entered the Ferda canon. Immaculately crafted filmic basedness. Indisputably the Al Pacino hangout movie of the century if not for Heat. Because let’s face it…the action is the juice….especially when da HEAT is around da corna…Maybe Italians aren’t so bad after all! 
1757 al pacino, thank you for your service. 🌟 
1758 9.6/10Actually, I have wanted to watch this film for a very long time, but I waited for the right time, and now I have watched it. It's no wonder why this film is so popular and many people praise it, because this film is very good and I like it. There are lots of characters shown and they can be utilized well in the storyline presented. Needless to say, everyone knows how great this movie is!! 
1759 Revered as one of the most iconic and masterful movies of all time, and it completely lives up to it. The screenplay is perfection, the performances are incredible, and the score is probably the best element of them all.What can I say? It’s the fucking Godfather. 
1760 It's no Godthumb, but I still liked it. 
1761 As far as classic cinema goes, Coppola undoubtedly knows how to craft a story so compelling. It’s hard to find a film that better exemplifies the art of storytelling than The Godfather. 
1762 queria me casar com o al pacino dos anos 70 
1763 no better time to watch this than directly after barbie 
1764 Overrated af 
1765 Y’all already know that this peak, don’t got to say much about it . One of the greatest movies ever made . So excited to watch part 2 soon 
1766 mafyacilik aile bagi silahlar catismalar bir suru olu👍🏻🥱😴al pacino’nun bir saniye bile ekrana girmesi 🤭💋🔥😍💖🫶🏻🤍🥵💒❤️‍🔥🥰❤️‍🩹😘 
1767  I mean, what hasn’t been said about how perfectly made this crime epic is. It is quintessential for how to engage the audience and tell a fully complete story that builds upon multiple characters with such efficiency. What I love about this film the most is actually Nino Rota’s iconic score, and the production design of this film. Both elements sink the audience into this period piece, and elevates tons of memorable scenes.Brando, Pacino, Duvall, Castellano, and Caan? Perfect.…  
1768 Michael and Apollonia had an explosive love story... 
1769  From film bros quoting this movie and chastising me for not seeing it, from it’s ever daunting presence on my watchlist, from never quite understanding the meaning of “i’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse” or especially “leave the gun. Take the cannoli”, the time had finally come for me to sit down and see if it all lived up to the hype.And WOW what a movie. So much is in this movie and it’s surprising how…  
1770 Gold standard.-Favorite Films 
1771 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Until Sollozzo’s death this film was exceptional. While I still enjoyed the second half, I feel behind in remembering all the names and who was the enemy of who.  
1772 This is the movie we show to aliens. 
1773  *SPOILERS. BUT IF YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THE GODFATHER YOU NEED TO DO THAT RIGHT NOW ANYWAY*From “I believe in America” to the climactic hand-kissing, an exhilarating, overpowering film: the making of Michael Corleone, a softly-spoken war hero subsumed by his mafia family.It’s brilliantly-paced – luxuriating in mass events, snapping into violence – with just about every gesture, line and image perfectly pitched. Pacino’s darkening eyes, Brando’s wild vocal emphases, Sonny’s hairy shoulders: this is cinema. The dialogue is…  
1774 I love finding hidden gems like this that no one ever talks about 
1775 Ben büyük bir Al Pacino hayranıyım. 🌹Benim için bir de Al Pacino, iki de Al Pacino, üçte Al Pacino..  
1776 Es una jodida perfección.Vista en Paramount Network. 
1777  its a nasty world filled with violence and betrayal for this dynasty, the inevitable is everlasting. with any role taken in the Corleone family, there are massive shoes to fill, even if that means doing everything in the name of vengeance.its been said for ages that The Godfather is one of the greatest films of all time. i can confidently say that theres no doubting that. ive put this film off for a while due to its apparent runtime.…  
1778 i watched this movie with my dog and now she won’t stop speaking like an italian mafia boss and is pooping meatballs someone send help please i think she’s onto m- 
1779  Meine Top 250Platz 82Der Pate zählt zu Recht zu den besten Filmen aller Zeiten. Mit so viel Liebe fürs Detail und einem Ensemble das zum niederknieen ist, wurde Mario Puzos Vorlage hier durch Francis Ford Coppola inszeniert. Schon die Eröffnungssequenz ist derart gut gespielt, dass sie den Zuschauer sofort in ihren Bann zieht. Was Brando hier macht, gelingt nur wenigen Schauspielern in ihrem ganzen Leben. Er spielt nicht, er ist der Pate. Und diese Qualität lässt den Funken…  
1780 i really have zero idea why i put this off for so long and made myself think i hate movies like this when i LOVED the irishman lmao. but i decided to give it a try finally since my sister owns the dvds and wow i absolutely loved it and the 3 hours flew by honestly. i added an extra .5 stars just for al pacino 🫶🏻🫶🏻 i’m gunna watch the 2nd and 3rd one sometime this week too. also i have goodfellas on my watchlist for either this week or next! if u guys have any other recommendations for movies like this lemme know!! 
1781 Perfect in every way. Most movies have that one part that is the 'good' part, but this one has like 20 parts like that. 
1782 Fuck this was good. It’s taken me way too long cuz a long run time is like running a marathon and I can’t be arsed, even though if I just clicked on the film I’d have no problem it’s just the mental block. I can’t wait to watch part 2 now though.For some reason the Italian bits didn’t have subtitles so I hope that was intentional and I’m not missing dialogue. 
1783 Absolutely amazing movie! 
1784  The attempted assassination of Vito Corleone while “It’s Beginning To Look A Lot Like Christmas” plays and it cutting the music right after he’s shot and after the “he see’s you when you’re sleeping” line happens. And then right after that, the other families “know when he’s awake” when he recovers and without Michael stepping in they would’ve got his ass. I think this might be the best use of music ever in a film?the visual storytelling in The…  
1785 This movie is indeed everything everyone has ever said it was. In fact, it is a lot better than that. There are no words that can accurately describe the beauty of this art piece, and also of young Al Pacino. 
1786  Aquilo que não podemos atribuir a Era Uma Vez na América, sobre se tratar de um filme de máfia (e que fique claro que "máfia" não é gênero cinematográfico; dizer que um filme não é de máfia passa longe de ser o mesmo que dizer que um filme X de terror ou ficção cientifica não é um filme de tal gênero pois aborda uma temática Y), encaixa como luva aqui. Se uma década depois Leone usaria da temática de mafiosos…  
1787 Not much I can say that hasn’t already been said. This is one of the true masterpieces in cinema. Literally a perfect film in every aspect from start to finish. It’s quite long but it ends with an absolute bang. You’re drawn in right from the get-go and the performances are one-of-a-kind. That final shot too… phew…… First time diving into the 4K set that came out earlier this year. Can’t wait to rewatch the sequel with the fam. 
1788  "We don't discuss business at the table."Well, this is a slowly burn epic movie! As the 70s movie I think this is very impressive. About mafia family who get in the 'dark' business, competition around them, and revenge. And yes, for 3 hours movie the story is very slow but still enjoy to watch.Film ini emang bergenre crime & drama, yang mana bukan sesuatu yang banyak menyuguhkan banyak aksi, drama yang emamg bener-bener dengan aksi darah dingin. Makanya bakal…  
1789 אם הייתי חבר כנסת אז הייתי דורש הצעת חוק האוסר כל נסיון של הצופה למצוא חיסרון בסרט הזה. 
1790  Grand, sweeping and majestic. It begins with a wedding that is so full of life and energy that we, as the audience, feel like we're guests ourselves, albeit guests who overhear crucial conversations, and get a first glimpse behind the curtains of a powerful family. It ends with a baptism during which a string of assassinations is executed, orchestrated by the literal and figurative new Godfather. Between those two scenes, The Godfather weaves a web of characters and power dynamics…  
1791 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  In the Baptism scene, the moment the baby started crying in the background before all the murders of the head of five families took place was one of the most powerful and chilling build up I've ever seen  
1792 No encuentro nada qué criticar. Es una de esas pocas cintas que pueden darse el lujo de "ser perfectas" en el sentido de que para no gustarte, tiene que ser por algo personal y no objetivo.Nadie me había dicho que era tan divertida. Quien te haga creer que es aburrida te está mintiendo, creo que nunca una película de 3 horas se me había pasado tan rápido. Aquí Sofia Coppola es mi espíritu animal. 
1793 loved the music - i think they must’ve been inspired by the emmerdale and corrie themes, written by bach 1806 
1794 there's something about seeing marlon brando and al pacino acting together that brings peace to my piece of shit brain 
1795 sothe godfather.the challenge is over.absolute masterpiece, what can i say that hasn't already been said.watching parts 2 and 3 tomorrow, and after that i have freedom back. 
1796 Finally got my 4K UHD remasters of The Godfather trilogy.They did a fantastic job on this remaster. The best the film has ever looked.I’ve seen this movie many times, but it never fails to impress me. A masterpiece. 
1797 my father made him an offer he couldn’t refuse.one of the local cinemas had a special screening of this for the 50th anniversary so i thought i’d further my cinematic education lolmichael could gaslight me any day any time pls what a fuckin manstar off because too many men and i could not understand anything marlon brando said 
1798 2 for $28 dealCarryout onlyLimited time offer at participating locations 
1799  50th-anniversary cinematic re-release!The Godfather captures the intrinsic link between gangsterism, capitalism, and patriarchy. What little "action" there is, is presented as horrific and unglamorous: men get beaten and shot unceremoniously on dingy curbsides, their butchered bodies left lying on the cold, New York City asphalt. Meanwhile, the people orchestrating these murders are disaffected business owners, who navigate through endless meetings through strict rules of polite behavior. In their private lives, they constructed a men's world, where the family nucleus…  
1800 American Cinema’s monument. Profound Shakespearean tragedy framed against a portrait of power in The United States. Ideas such as murder and revenge are presented alongside family and culture. Rather than tired stereotypes, the American criminal is portrayed as an actual human being. Coppola composes his rich tapestry by utilising a cast that has been unsurpassed still. The studio not wanting either Brando or Pacino was quite the revelation. Thankfully, Coppola understood the material and elevated it even further beyond anyone’s expectations. Films like The Godfather demonstrate the true power of the cinematic medium. I’m so glad to have seen this on a cinema screen. 
1801 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   This was amazing to watch in theaters, especially in Dolby.I have seen The Godfather before, but on this watch, I could still feel the intensity and anticipation. I could feel my heart beating during the restaurant scene with Michael. It felt as if I was actually in the movie.This is without a doubt, one of the greatest films ever made, but why? Is it because of the amazing performances, specifically by Pacino and Brando? Is it the outstanding…   
1802 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  We watched it in theatres! I know it's a 50 year old movie, but we knew nothing about it so it felt like watching a new film in theatres. I was mostly surprised by how tense and unpredictable this film was, because that horse head scene, the baptism, that exploding car... just to name a few. So genius. Also, I don't know if I'm the only one, but I always thought it was a chicken instead of a cat on the movie poster.  
1803 had a great time watching this italian-american classic on the big screen complete with whispered fun-fact commentary from my dad, who told me things like “that’s cosmo’s brother-in-law from moonstruck” and “watch closely, this guy’s teeth fall out” and “but seriously, you should never treat a woman like that” 
1804 Good solid filmmaking. A full bodied movie. Cinema. 
1805 michael corleone you will always be famous 
1806 I’m gonna be honest. I didn’t expect to like this. But boy, this blew me away. From the writing to the acting it’s all top notch. This movie immerses you and makes you feel like you’re right there. Not much I can say that hasn’t been said. 
1807 Leave the Gun, take the Cannoli. Perfecto 
1808 50th anniversary special screening.“Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.”It’s a dream come true. Nothing more to say. Thanks a ton to each and everyone who has worked behind this 50th anniversary special re-release on the big screen. 
1809  Wedding so lit they named a soup after it 😂😂One of the very best movies about how we all eventually become our fathers no matter how hard we initially resist!It was a treat to see this 4K restoration in a (Dolby) theater with an attentive audience and at least one guy who had clearly never seen it if the number of times he audibly gasped is any indication. We also caught the CODA version of GODFATHER III theatrically so…  
1810 50 year anniversary screening in the friggin Dolby theater. Love those things. 
1811 *stefon voice* “this movie has everything”not to reference my most controversial review to date… but this is everything once upon a time in america wishes it could be ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
1812  As a milestone that I watched 24 requested movies before AND as a movie regarded to be one of, if not the best, I feel obligated to make a somewhat lengthy review of this movie. But really, what else is there to say that hasn't been said? It fires on all cylinders. The cinematography is great, the performances are flawless, and even with its dark segments sprinkled throughout, the movie brilliantly interweaves them alongside moments that give it and the…  
1813 בסוף הייתי כזה וגם צרחתי קצת 
1814 Amazing way to start off 2022 
1815 Watched for school.I mean, what can I say about this that hasn't been said already? It's The Godfather. One of the most well-regarded movies of all time, and for good reason. Marlon Brando, iconic. Al Pacino, fantastic, along with everyone else too. And the ending is one of the greatest ever.A+ 
1816 Okay so um... That was ok. Like don't get me wrong it's one of the best movies of all time. But it's not one I enjoyed watching particularly. It's amazing, but I think that it isn't for me. 
1817 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   oh yeah well that was fucking brilliant The Godfather is an epic, somewhat tragic masterpiece that I wasn't really sure whether or not I would be calling a masterpiece after watching it. I thought about it for a bit, and have now decided that yeah, it most definitely is a masterpiece!Every single scene in this film is perfection, my favourite scenes were the restaurant scene and the garden scene. I kinda expected what happened in the garden scene, and…   
1818 It’s a classic, enough said.Grade: A+ 
1819 Watched with the director’s commentary. Coppola tells stories for 3 hours about all the ways he was doubted and undermined by the studio. It’s fascinating, but it also loses its effect when basically every scene involves an anecdote about how he was sure he was going to be fired. 
1820 jesus i’ve been quoting the “look how they massacred my boy” line for years but i never remembered how truly wrenching it was in context, brando’s anguished face twisted beyond recognition by pain and guilt. what a sad movie. 
1821 i enjoyed pacino's performance in the film jack and jill so i thought i'd check out some of his lesser known movies but this was a huge disappointment. it's wayyy too long and there's not even any poop jokes to make it entertaining. just a mob flick that forces me to try to tell guys apart for 3 hours 
1822  WTF is this shit? ok so i watche dit a long time ago and i remember really liking it, but this is so dumb. First of all bro why is this old man holding a cat thats so cliche and shitty that just proves it right there that this is a shitty film. Also, the acting was shit, every performance in this movie was terrible. Shit writing, shit directing, I cant say something about this movie thats already been said.…  
1823 They copied some things from Sharktale but otherwise very good 
1824 El 13 de Febrero fue un dia historico porque ya vi por primera vez El Padrino y puedo entender porque es una de las mejores peliculas de la historia, es una pelicula que lo tiene todo y bien. 
1825 i actually can’t watch a new movie sorry guys it’s just not gonna happen 
1826 Oh, so it’s like that one Hannah Montana scene! I have been avoiding The Godfather for so long in fear that it would never live up to the endless references and monstrous reputation. Obviously, it did just that. 
1827 If you have this movie logged at anything less than 5 stars I don't respect you 
1828 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Maestros en su mejor momento / Masters at their bestHan sido décadas desde que la vi completa. Fue un gusto verla con mi esposa, quien nunca la había visto. Para mí fue como verla por primera vez.Hay muchísimo ya escrito respecto a esta joya, así que yo sólo resalto aquí lo que a mí me llamó la atención:- La frialdad con la que se reitera la frase "sólo son negocios", una y otra vez. Ojo, que esto…   
1829 Re-watching the trilogy before watching the new version of Part III.Flawless masterpiece. 
1830 Those cannoli’s probably were amazing 
1831 I think this movie is good. 
1832 THIS IS WITHOUT DOUBT, THE GREATEST MOVIE EVER MADE! 
1833 It’s just perfect. Coppola successfully delivers a sharp and entertaining story, with some perfectly molded characters, amazing performances by Marlon Brando and Al Pacino (and probably every single actor on the film), stunning production and a quote that had prevailed to this day. A timeless and exquisitely crafted mob classic. It does live to its hype, and will continue to do so. 
1834 🌹 
1835  All right, where do I start? The Godfather film series have been on my watchlist since I was 15 or so. I deliberately postponed watching this movie, like many other classics. I just need to pick a good time and really be on my own to experience this movie to the fullest. During the first scenes of the film you immediately get in touch with Italian life. You feel the love, the warmth and the pure authenticity, all values that…  
1836 What more can be said 
1837 youtu.be/bzblLkTJJmM 
1838 A damn classic. 
1839 When I watch this movie I have to be eating pizza from a restaurant, I don’t know why but if a film makes me do that then it’s a masterpiece 
1840 yes i finally watched this movie in theaters and i think it was one of the best experiences of my life. yes i did cry seeing how michael goes from being a sweet kid to the head of a crime organization. yes i did cry seeing al pacino’s beautiful face. i can’t really put into words how much this movie means to me, i just know no other movie will ever compare 
1841 Strictly family business. 
1842 Even though some gunshots, stunts and performances have not aged as good as I remembered, the film in itself is an absolute masterclass in visual storytelling. A film that has been, is and will be replicated and honoured for centuries to come.Marlon Brand & Pacino are sublime. 
1843  Después de ver El Padrino muchisimas veces sigo corroborando que es una de las mejores películas de la historia del cine. Si historia, su ambientación, sus personajes tan iconicos y tan bien interpretados y su dirección tan perfecta.El Padrino es un 10 en todos sus apartados, una dirección magistral en todas las escenas y todo llenos de escenas para la historia. Se podría estar hablando de esta película por siglos y habría muy poco que pudiese acercarse a ella.…  
1844  This is a very well-made movie. Obviously, it's one of the best movies of all-time according to most people, and I too loved it. The story is weaved together so well, and Al Pacino and Marlon Brando did the best they probably could've with their roles. They were pretty fantastic. I thought the theme of family was very interesting to watch, and I also think the theme is going to be relatable to just about anyone with a good relationship…  
1845 Christopher Nolan woke up one morning with a horse head in his bed and that’s how Harry Styles ended up in Dunkirk. 
1846 I came very, very close to hating this. The first hour for me, personally, was uninteresting and I couldn’t make out half of what Marlon Brando was saying.. BUT then the film progressed and the new Don was crowned. Honestly, a crime drama masterpiece. 
1847 it's a sicilian message. it means luca brasi sleeps with the fishes. so i've studied italian in high school for three years and all i could understand when they were speaking italian is dad and you're welcome, 'k 
1848 I was expecting The Godfather to be a lot of things, but I was not expecting for it to be so goddamn entertaining. Also that Baptism scene, holy shit. But yeah, great movie. Not sure if I would call this “best of all time”, but it’s well worth a watch (obviously). 
1849 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Vito: once Michael becomes the new Godfather it's OVER for you bitches!  
1850  10/10Note: For my top three best films, I am attempting to go in depth in my review. This is #2.My ExperienceThe first time I watched this film, I liked it quite a bit, but was a bit bored by parts of it. It thought it was objectively a masterpiece, but I didn't care for it much subjectively. It is worth mentioning that the viewing was on a computer screen. About a year later, in the summer of…  
1851   You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?#11 of BFI's top 101 films of all time.Coppola's tragedian epic is a baggy, rotting picture. At times, it threatens to spill out past the borders of the screen right onto its audience's lap. It's a film that attempts to capture the life, death, and rebirth of a legendary criminal, a prolific businessman, and, most of all: a father. Coppola…  
1852  First of all, I can't begin to say anything without thanking a good friend I have made through cinema. Truman, who has told me about screenings of my favorite films at the Tribeca Film Festival for two years in a row, gave me two nights that will never leave me, and some of the best nights of my life.The Godfather is now a film I have truly come to understand and appreciate more than ever. I would be so…  
1853 i love my smol son michael corleone 
1854  A mafia-mold of grit and assassination. The war of the families. Corleones unite. Offers you cant refuse. The seamless epic that is The Godfather, Francis Ford Coppola's beautifully mastered tale of Italian organized crime, revenge, and power. A hard-boiled classic in every sense, better with each unprecedented viewing, this is the essence of superior film-making, being transported into a realistic world and taking a peek into the enclosed nature within the rarest of life. This was the revitalization of the…  
1855  There's nothing I can add to the towering praises heaped upon this film that hasn't already been said before.  It's elegant, quiet, tense (the hospital stairwell scene had my heart pounding), extraordinarily acted (especially Pacino, Caan, and late stage Brando), has some great characters and relationships (Sonny and Michael being perhaps the most interesting), the iconic scenes hold up even better in context (the horse head moment is horrific, the slow paced reveal is great), it's an all around great…  
1856 A book-length exegesis could, or perhaps should, be written about Michael Corleone, a character that is to the movies what Hamlet is to the theater. 
1857 What is there left to say about The Godfather? I just want to focus on one of many great characters that inhabit the film: Mark McCluskey.This NYPD captain is played pitch-perfectly by veteran actor Stirling Hayden, who imbues the corrupt, racist and thuggish officer of the law with more than a hint of self-loathing. McCluskey is not in The Godfather all that much – just two scenes, I think, but what scenes they are, especially his last.Mr Hayden, I salute you, sir. 
1858 The Golden Age of Television began here. All the shows we love are just cribbing from what Coppola and his collaborators pulled off with this film. 
1859 UMMM THIS IS DEDICATED TO THE PEOPLE WHO TOLD ME I WAS A BAD FILMÉ BUFF!!!!  FRANCIS FORD COPPOLA WAS LITERALLY A FUCKING FOOT AWAY FROM ME!!!!!!!!! I BREATHED THE SAME AIR AS HIM YOU DICKS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! YALL CAN NEVER CALL ME A FAKE AGAIN!!!!!!!! UNTIL Y'ALL HAVE BEEN FUCKING INCHEEEESSSSS FROM HIM Y'ALL CAN NEVER DISRESPECT ANYTHING I SAY!! @LETTERBOXD YALL BETTER GIVE ME THAT PATRON ACCOUNT FOR FREE BECAUSE IF SOMEONE IS A REAL FILMÉ BUFF ITS MOI !!!!!! SUCK MY NUUUUUTTTSSSSSSS imgur.com/gallery/v4UjM PHOTOGRAPHIC EVIDENCE 
1860 One of the greatest films ever made to not pass the Bechdel test.(Marlon Brando could STILL get it in this movie, even in that make up) 
1861 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Hailed as one of the greatest movies of all time, I figured it would be only fitting that I finally sat down and watched for Al Pacino's 75th Birthday!! It's the film that put him on the map after all. I LOVED IT!!!I can honestly see why it's so beloved, and for a movie that was at least three hours long, that went by pretty fast!!! It all flowed so well! Prepare yourselves when I say this, I love it…   
1862 A flawless piece of filmmaking, "The Godfather" still remains riveting, spectacularly-acted, and directed to perfection. Each scene packs so much information in, but it's always easy to follow. The film also contains one of the most well-developed arcs of a character ever put to film. 
1863  Expressing a distaste for The Godfather is the equivalent of pissing into the ocean. It's such a frivolous endeavour, and will always end with you having to address that fact of its own frivolity - piss all you like but the ocean will remain untainted in the long run.So blah blah the cinematography is pretty good, if not a little bland, and most of the acting is spot on, save for Marlon Brando, whose cotton-mouthed mumble-formance has been saturated…  
1864  Included In Lists:Strong Performances - Marlon BrandoSight and Sound Top 250 - #23Regarded as one of the most important and influential films of the century. This film has definitely changed the way gangster films are created. Back in the golden days of cinema, gangster films were notable for their violence and profanity. The Godfather changed the way contemporary gangster or crime films are approached. I don't want the review of this film be based on the film's…  
1865 not to be overdramatic but i’d sell my soul just to have a chance with al pacino during this era 
1866  100Just as it says on the tin. The Godfather is the offer you can't refuse.When looking at film history, you may be inclined to point out multiple years in the 20th century as perhaps a 'turning point' in the making of movies. Citizen Kane in 1941 reinvented cinematography, set design and film production on larger scales. 2001: A Space Odyssey started the Sci-Fi revolution in film, and was arguably the first commercially and critically successful blockbuster. But it…  
1867 fredo ablanı bırak geltom üst baş bulclemenza her şey hazır mı? micheal çocuklar her tarafa yerleşti mi? 
1868 finally tapped into my inner film bro 
1869 this is like the godfather of movies 
1870  MRC: 4/31Considerada como la mejor película de la historia, "El Padrino" descubrió que el género de gangsteres no era sólo un género más, sino que lo que le da realmente importancia no es la premisa (que también) , sino la moralización de los personajes. Se ve que Coppola le puso empeño en sacar provecho a la psicología de cada miembro de las mafias (perdon, "familias") que se presentan, porque el personaje más carismático es el "jefe" de la "familia",…  
1871  Leave the gun. Take the cannoli. Shocking! And sad! And so violent, but also (surprisingly) really funny! This was my first time watching this movie and I got to see it at the theater—I fucking loved it. Quite literally a perfect film. I was completely locked into these characters and all of their wild arcs from the very beginning all the way to the very last scene. There are so many great characters, but obviously watching Michael’s transformation over these 3…  
1872 I mean it’s funny when you see old people young and they’re hot. Pacino I’m looking at you. Oh and the story.. yeah it was pretty good too. 
1873 i mean, it’s the godfather 
1874 Hugh grant is not in this film 
1875 had to go upstairs bc my dad and his fuckass girlfriend wouldnt stop talking 
1876  "Leave the Gun. Take the Cannoli"Part of me hoped I would come out of this with a spicy take so I could be a contrarian asshole BUT! I got nothing... Just a feeling of great shame for how long I had put off watching itAnd while I could gush about a lil something in each and every scene, what would be the point? We all know how good this is, it'd be redundant It's The Godfather, it's a…  
1877 al pacino at the baptism with his slicked-back-2012-alex turner looking ass hair renouncing satan and all his works….. that’s where it allllll changed for me. from that point on i was completely on boardok fine i’ll rank al pacino’s movies 
1878 the kind of movie that makes you want to readjust all your other ratings just to show how exceptional it is.my dad has waited 19 years to be able to watch his favorite trilogy with one of his children and i can say that this did nothing but exceed my expectations. extra half star for the smile on his face and his fun fact commentary every 3 minutes. sorry that cousin geoff didn’t appreciate it nearly as much when he was my age 
1879 I mean, it’s The Godfather. Vito Corleone is an all time character with an all time performance by Brando. Simply iconic. 
1880  The Godfather is a slow burning crime drama. It’s the original. A groundbreaking and genre-shifting film considered by many to be the greatest of all time. Since this was released in 1972, gangster movies have developed. Directors and actors have built upon this genre. Goodfellas, The Departed, Casino. All these fantastic films often with similar casts took elements from The Godfather and catered to an audience that had seen what came before. My mistake was watching these before The Godfather.…  
1881 98/100Still can’t review. Seriously. Taxi Driver and Shawshank Redemption are great and all, but if we’re talking objectively this is definitely the best film ever made. Still not MY #1, but Jesus this is a masterpiece 
1882 מה אפשר להגיד, רבותיי? 
1883 Cant give too much away BUT me and shan are currently workshopping muppets godfather movie yall aren’t ready 
1884 I don’t want to get kicked off letterboxd for not liking this movie but it wasn’t bad 💕💞💕❣️ it’s not my favorite thing I’ve ever seen but the story and cast was good and it wasn’t excessively violent - I think if I watched it like two more times I might like it better bc the vibe was interesting I would let al pacino rawdog me that’s my takeaway 
1885 Al Pacino c'est un giga bg quand même 
1886 i’m embarrassed i only watched this now 
1887 michael and vito corleone are just the greatest characters ever written 
1888  For a film that's (rightly) regarded as one of the all-time great American films, it's Coppola's decision to include the more naturalistic and smaller details that makes this American epic such a darkly never ending joy; from how to prepare a meal for forty guys, to the sound that the gun makes that Michael uses on The Turk and McClusky, to the look on Kay's face that takes us into the end credits, the list is literally endless.Some might…  
1889 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  this movie is not funn y  
1890  Yep. 19 years old and a self acclaimed cinephile that hasn't seen The Godfather. Until today. You know all the great stuff you've heard about this film? I'm going to say that right here <great stuff>. No need to write it all out though. But, I will say this: this is debated as the best movie ever made, and to me, this barely felt like a movie at all. It really didn't. I had to remind myself as the 3…  
1891 "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse"45 years...No review needed. 
1892  You'd think phenomenal experiences would end up leaving you with an energized sense of euphoria where you'd jump up with joy and express, amid gasps, your absolute love and admiration, while you hyperventilated to heaven. No.The truly mind-blowing, sensation-numbing experiences are the ones which drain you dry, leaving you psychologically and physically exhausted. In short, they take a piece of you.And if you make a list of them, watching The Godfather would pretty damn surely be near the…  
1893  ¨I`ll make him an offer he can`t refuse.¨Many people consider the 70`s to be the Golden Age in Cinema, and if that is the case then Francis Ford Coppola had a great deal to do with it. During that decade he directed The Godfather Part 1 and 2, The Conversation, and Apocalypse Now; he also produced American Graffiti, and wrote the screenplay for Patton. During that time he won 5 Oscars and was nominated for another seven. At least…  
1894 Όπου ο Κόπολα έφτιαξε τη ΜΙΑ ταινία που δεν αμφισβητείται από κανένα. Ούτε από μπλοκμαστερακηδες, ούτε από κουλτουριάρηδες, ούτε από χιπστερ, ούτε από αυτούς που βλέπουν αποκλειστικά ανεξάρτητο κινηματογράφο του Τατζικισταν. Βρήκε τον αλγόριθμο, λογικά θα έμαθε και τα τελευταία ψηφία του π. Το οποίο γενικά εξηγεί και γιατί γύρισε δυο δεκαετίες μετά το Jack. Σάλεψε ο άνθρωπος με τόση απαγορευμένη γνώση. 
1895 Honestly I don't know what else to say except is just a good movie. Mike's writting and character development is some of the best I've ever seen. The story is engaging. Just all around solid.I do understand why so many people give this movie a 5 star but for me it does lack that special something, maybe just cause I'm not much of a mobster movie fan. Solid 4.5 tho, Coppola the goat, and I'm excited to watch Part 2. 
1896 ''I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.'' 
1897  Clearly a paramount of cinema but for me i really don’t think it is as good as everyone claims it is, of course it is incredibly well written and acted but for me it’s missing some of that spark that made films such as Goodfellas so good, it is filled with iconic moments and quotes that even someone who hasn’t seen the film will recognise which clearly shows how world renown and influential this film is, Marlon Brando gives an…  
1898 quero formar uma família. 
1899 First time ever watching can’t believe it took me this long to see this. It took a little while to get going and for the action to start but when it did it was so good. 
1900  I didn't like this in high school, nor did I respond to it in college when I tried again. I never “got” it and found it boring. But finally, on this watch, it clicked for me. It's a fluid, elegant, and richly detailed crime saga, with the ability to pull you in with ease and force, an ability that I can now recognize as timeless.I highly doubt there's anything for me to add to everything that's been said about…  
1901 Performance incroyable de la part de la lèvre inférieure de Marlon Brando. 
1902 Film bros can finally leave me the fuck alone 
1903 Ok Greta I’ve finally watched it I’m a MAN now!! 
1904 more like Al Pacino is an offer I can’t refuse amirite? also yay finally free from the shackles of having never watched this movie!! but at what cost, for I am but just a girl. 
1905 it’s crazy to think marlon brando is only 6 years older than robert duvall, when he’s potraying an old man & to me i just think of most impressive things in movies, props to the make up team 
1906  succession (2018-2023) don vito corleone ? logan roymichael corleone ? kendall roywhat can i possibly say that hasn't been said before, over and over again? the godfather deserves all the hype and the overrated label (the problem is that it is entitled of such high praise - the overrated card means absolutely nothing). calling it a masterpiece doesn't even seem enough, doesn't do it proper justice. it's one of those films that aren't just films but works of…  
1907 Meus takes mais polêmicos são sobre esse filme. Tem dias que gosto e tem dias que acho superestimado e chato, independente da importância ou fama. Mas adoro falar que odeio para gerar intriga e discussão. 
1908 meus amigos, incrivelmente bom. surreal o quanto o roteiro desse filme me prendeu, por mais que seja extenso não perdi a atenção por um minuto. a trama me transferiu uma sensação de angústia por não saber o que iria acontecer com os personagens nesse meio tão conturbado. michael corleone sem sobra de dúvidas deixou essa obra muito melhor, todo o enredo que envolve ele é incrível. ansioso pra ver os próximos e sigo com as expectativas altas, coppola fez história. 
1909 it's the way that i SCREAMED the minute Al Pacino appeared and continued to scream to all of his scenes. 
1910  Now I know this is classed as one of the best movies of all time and I’m not disputing that, I just personally found it hard to stay engaged and enjoy the film. It’s not because of the film itself, but because this genre is not one that I typically enjoy and I find it hard to stay focused. I have chronic fatigue and with The Godfather’s duration and lots of slow dialogue scenes, it causes me to get incredibly…  
1911  I first watched The Godfather when I was 18 years old, with the OG film buff in my family, my grandfather. It was right before I started college, and it had a major impact on me at the time – undoubtedly the reason I acted a little too ganster during my first week in undergrad.More than 8 years on, I decided to read the book on a complete whim. I asked my mother, who was visiting me at the…  
1912  فيلم [ The Godfather ]الفيلم الوحيد فقط في عالم السينما الذي لا يحتاج لتبرير للعلامة الكاملة .. رغم معرفة الجميع بحقيقة أن فيلم [ Goodfellas ] هو أكمل و أعظم فيلم بالنسبة لي .. إلا أنه يحتاج لـ إدراك أخراجي لرؤية السبب ورا كماله ، او يحتاج قراءة نقد سينمائي لتوضيح السبب لكونه فيلم لا تشوبه شائبة ..أما هنا فـ مع أحترامي للجميع ، فإن الفيلم بتقييم غير العلامة الكاملة يحتاج لـ أسباب مقنعة او حتى سبب فني…  
1913 sorry not sorrynayagan >>>> this 
1914 why is Vito corleone kinda hot… 
1915 Have you ever watched a movie that has been hyped up to hell and back, and you go in expecting it to be overrated, before realizing that it's actually phenomenal? Well that wasn't me, I knew this would be great and it still blew my expectations away. I have ADHD, and it makes movies tough sometimes, but these 3 hours flew past while I was watching a gripping story filled with every Italian heavy hitter actor in Hollywood. Perfectly acted, shot, actually scary at times, while being engaging all throughout. It's hardly even worth hyping this film up, you already know it's great 
1916  “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.””It’s not personal , Sonny. Its strictly business.”“Look how they massacred my boy.”This is the film of all films.They most quotable film of all time.Rewatched this before watching part 2 it was 100% better than i remembered it.Marlon Brando brings in what i believe to be the greatest acting performance of all time and he’s not even they main protagonist. Don Vito Corleone is they most…  
1917 The Godfather.The movie I have been waiting for. My 1,000th film. Well worth the fucking wait.“I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.” 
1918 finally had the time to watch this. it's as great as everyone says it is. it's gritty, tragic, gripping, and fascinating. can't wait to see part 2. 
1919 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather might be one of the most difficult movies to talk about. Not because of its subject matter although it is violent. No it's hard to talk about because it's one of those movies that everything that needs to be said about it has already been said. It's called one of the best movies of all time if not the greatest and it's not hard to see why. Centering around the Mafia family The Corleone's it chronicles their lives…   
1920 i had no idea what was going on the entire time. 5 stars! 
1921  "Where's Michael?"Despite this being a story of violent thugs, the emphasis on family, and in particular the father and the son, elevate it beyond mere gangster flick. The father, the son, the blessing, the inheritance, and of course, generational sin. This is Biblical stuff.Michael does not want to follow in his father's footsteps. He wants to make his own way. However, as we later see in Part II, this was a youthful arrogance that could never last. What…  
1922 like that one episode of Modern Family 
1923 James Caan’s shoulders. James Caan/Sonny beating the shit out of Carlo. James Caan. 
1924 Obra prima do cinema, a trama é envolvente e faz você querer ver como tudo isso termina. A trilha sonora é icônica e as atuações são bem convincentes. Não sei como demorei tanto pra ver esse filme. 
1925 when the so called greatest movie of all time is actually really good 😮😮😮😮😮 
1926 recently discovered that al pacinos first name is alfredo like the pasta 
1927 A chilling portrait of the Corleone family's rise and near fall from power in America along with balancing the story of the Sicilian clan's ugly crime business in which they are engaged. A global cultural touchstone captivating fans across generations, the enduring cinematic legacy of THE GODFATHER has immeasurably influenced popular culture, and rightfully earned its legacy as one of the greatest in the history of motion pictures.Visit ParamountMovies.com to watch THE GODFATHER now! 
1928 ok yeah it’s pretty good 
1929 a true masterpiece *chefs kiss*. 
1930 I NEEDED to rewatch this after the abhorrent mainstream, dad joined along and we had the best three hours together, Father’s Day done right I think, I’m sure Michael would agree 
1931 Ontem, sábado, tirei o dia para rever dois dos meus grandes favoritos da vida. Assim como 'The Best Years Of Our Lives', assistir 'The Godfather' é sempre viver as mesmas emoções. Acho que dispensa comentários. Só sei que amo a saga da família Corleone. 
1932 our house a day after the annual godfather rewatch :/“noya could you pass me the cerea-““WHAT DO YA THINK THIS IS THE ARMY WHERE YOU SHOOT EM A MILE AWAY YOU GOTTA GET UP CLOSE LIKE THIS BADABING YOU BLOW THEIR BRAINS ALL OVER THEIR NICE IVY LEAGUE SUITS”💥🙊💣 
1933 i remember when i thought the godfather would be one of those movies i watched once and then be done with but apparently since first watching it in december i’ve seen it 6 times... and i know whose influence that is down to. and if they’re reading this they also know who they are ❤️ 
1934 Watched in 4K.I’m so glad we get to watch and experience this film in such a high quality, this is one of the greatest things cinema has to offer.Pickup this new 4K trilogy set if you can, as soon as possible. 
1935 Keaton’s red coat and hat my favorite costume ever. 
1936 okay kendall roy! 
1937 felt obligated to enjoy this but did not really...and why do men look the same 
1938 Yeah yeah you’ve all seen it, what’s to say?Unless you were young and fortunate enough to see it theatrically upon its release, then you’ve never seen it in this way, the 4K way!I’ve owned it on VHS, DVD and Blu-Ray, but the latest restoration undertaken to get it to this 50th Anniversary incarnation is utter sorcery.The film is sublime and the epitome of perfection, but now it’s in a state that befits its status and just deserves to be seen to be believed.Lay down your money on the offer that you cannot refuse and thank me later… 
1939  New 4K UHD 50th Anniversary Edition arrives in the mail:I’ll just watch the wedding, just to check how the restoration looks. Just the wedding. I saw this three weeks ago on the big screen. I don’t need to see it again. I have other movies I have to catch up with. I’ll watch the wedding and Tom’s visit to Woltz. 30-35 minutes, tops. That’s it. I’ll watch no further than the scene with Michael at the restaurant. And a…  
1940 Watched the Coppola restoration on the 50th anniversary of this masterpiecePerfection is an understatementCan't explain this in wordsActing of brando and the style of Pacino is enough to give 5 starsAnd this reason is one of the million reasons.The music is just 🤌 
1941 Little known fact it was specifically the lower half of Marlon Brando's face that won the oscar. Next of 70mm 
1942 Cinema magic is like an addiction for any cinephile50th anniversary re-release 
1943 "Look how they massacred my boy."This is literally me talking about my immune system while watching this masterpiece and having coronavirus. 
1944 was supposed to be working on my senior project for culinary with this as background noise but the only food costs i ended up calculating was how fat exactly is michael corleone’s ass per metric ton 
1945 Managed to catch a cinema viewing and the restoration completely blew me away. As for the film itself…it’s still the greatest of all time…nothing more to say 
1946 yay i finally watched the godfather!!just after it finished i wasn’t really thinking “wow that was an amazing film”. but now it’s like 5-6 hrs later and i haven’t stopped thinking about it. it’s really got into my brain in a way a film hasn’t for a long time. also the cat at the beginning was so adorable!! i heard a story about brando keeping the cat and i hope it’s true. looking forward to watching part II next week :) 
1947 Only don't tell me you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry.Watching this on the big screen was one of the finest moments on my life. My love for this film is completely endless, it’s perfect.  I teared up because of how amazing it felt to be in that moment. That’s special. Cinema is special. Quite possibly the most perfect film ever, to me at least. 
1948 I'm so glad I managed to book the screening with nicer chairs as I don't think my ass could of taken all 3 hours of this in a normal screening 
1949 Truly spectacular to watch this in the cinema with my dad - so much better on the big screen! A link to my previous review. 
1950  Yes, it’s very good. Not much else to say… it’s the ultimate homage to the gangster movies that came before and the blueprint for everything that came after. But maybe I’ll just say a few things that particularly struck me this time watching it on a big ass screen in a packed theater:For one, Everyone gives gives credit to the wedding or the hit job scenes as standouts, but for my money, that garden scene as Vito plays with…  
1951  Hard to find a 3 hour film that feels more jam packed with action, doesn’t waste a shot and leaves me drooling to spend 6 more hours viewing the rest of the trilogy. Al Pacino’s performance as Michael Corleone was air tight, deadly precision. He’s got those crazy eyes you can just see straight into his characters soul through. So many quotable lines and scenes that have been referenced in pop culture ad nauseum. This movie is a giant. It’s…  
1952 I was finally able to watch this on the big screen. I had no idea how dark Gordon Willis’ iconic cinematography could be until today. The restoration is magnificent. And… what else can I say? It’s THE FUCKING GODFATHER. 
1953 Clemenza: “Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.”A masterpiece of narrative storytelling, brilliant cinematography and one of the greatest casts ever assembled. From opening shot to last shot, I wouldn’t change a second in between. I’ve been watching this movie on TV since 1984, but tonight I saw the new Dolby Digital remaster on the big screen for the first time and it was like my first time again. Every time I see it I seem to see something new, which is the mark of great filmmaking. If you get the chance to see this on your local big screen don’t miss it. 
1954  There aren't enough hours in the day to write about and do justice towards Francis Ford Coppola's multi-layered seminal epic that tells the story of a generational family saga. I could wax lyrical about how Coppola hijacks your emotions with the simplest techniques of blocking, composition and framing; how cinematographer Gordon Willis creates such a rich and dynamic atmosphere with low key lighting (so much so that he was dubbed the Prince of Darkness for his characteristic use of chiaroscuro…  
1955  yayi’ve wanted to make time to watch this for so long and i’m so glad i finally grew up and just rented it because i was having a pretty awful day today and this really lifted my spirits :) i’m actually not going to talk about the direction or cinematography or writing or score or anything like that because there’s literally nothing i can say that hasn’t been said before ! this movie reminded me of one of the…  
1956  In a nutshell:(XL nutshell)🍊🐈 * Lenny Montana (Luca Brasi) was so nervous about working with Marlon Brando that in the first take of their scene together, he choked on his lines. Director Francis Ford Coppola liked the genuine nervousness & built it into the film, the scene of Luca practicing his speech was added later. Brando’s performance is essential viewing, tempered, subtle, but also powerful & exposing. It’s also wonderful to see a young Al Pacino go toe to toe…  
1957 Watched The Godfather. I'm a certified cinephile now. Respect that. 
1958 I can’t believe it’s taken me so long to watch this film. It really is everything it’s hyped up to be, I don’t have much to add that hasn’t already been said about this film but I have to at least mention that baptism scene because that really is top tier cinema. 
1959 Figured I had to watch them sooner or later, and holy shit the score is something else. I could sink right into any moment of it and be at peace. Great and subtle (but full-tilt when it wants to be), I imagine everyone says pretty much the same thing. Can’t wait to see Michael go sicko mode. I enjoy slow builds in character pieces but your franchise can’t be just repression. This isn’t Star Wars. 
1960 I had ages to watch this and I decided to rewatch. More eager for Godfather II cause I've seen it only one time and not full. I watched the second half due to a mistake of the video club I had rent it and after some days I watche dthe first half too. So I have a weird experience with that film. Can't wait, rewatching it tomorrow. 
1961 i’m an empath so watching the vito garden scene was very hard for me 
1962  100/100Con la misión de darnos un buen retrato sobre la violencia y la mafia italoamericana que en los años 40 se estableció en Estados Unidos,Coppola sabía de la necesidad de esos pequeños grandes detalles que terminan caracterizando a la obra,con esos detalles me refiero a cosas como las jerarquías,los carácteres,la unión,la confianza,el amor y como todo esto daba como producto enaltecer el retrato familiar.Sutilmente nos seduce a ponernos de lado de nuestros protagonistas en un mundo corrompido.Lo…  
1963 It’s a masterpiece!What more can I say?Marlon fucking Brando 🤩The cast is superb, the script, film and everything else is cinema at its best. Don’t fuck with the mafia y’all! 
1964 michael corleone comfort character i think 
1965 Letterboxd user takes short two hour break from being feminist to enjoy The Godfather. 
1966 a bunch of crazy rich italian mfs 
1967 "essa família é mt unida e tbm muito ouriçada, brigam por qualquer razão mas acabam pedindo perdão" - corleone, vito 
1968 Pacino's performance is one of the best I've ever seen. "Do I really need to write more in this review?" "Leave the gun, take the cannoli." 
1969 The burden of not having seen The Godfather is finally off my shoulders. What a feeling. 
1970  I think it bothers me how filmbros act over this movie bcuz it’s 100% warranted and i’d be all over that...but they have to be so weird and incel-y about it that makes me want to run the opposite direction any time someone brings it up.Anyways, this movie is so good like the way the tension builds and the acting just everything is so good. And Al Pacino is genuinely so hot in this like it’s the type of…  
1971 Didn’t expect to like that. 
1972 michael let me be one of your mafia wives PLEASE I’m literally begging 
1973 I Believe in America.The Godfather is my favourite of the trilogy.Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo masterfully craft a detailed world of family and crime setting the tone as Al Pacino's Michael Corleone has to decide between a life of his own or to follow in his family's criminal footsteps.Every shot, every scene, every character is iconic - the filmmakers have created a world that feels so lived in with such rich characters that you can't help but root for despite being inherently terrible people.A tale of legacy that lives on almost 50 years later. 
1974 in all fairness the simpsons have absolutely ruined this for me, could not take an ounce of this seriously 
1975 my italianfication era 
1976  About as pivotal and developmental in my life as any other film fanatic or filmmaker, but even then, what’s to say? What can I possibly add to “The Godfather,” a film that sits comfortably in my top pantheon of favorite films and a film that changed the ballgame, that already hasn’t been said? The answer is simple – nothing. Nothing can be said to even create some sort of controversy surrounding “The Godfather” or bring some little anecdote about the…  
1977 The baptism montage. That is all, carry on. 
1978 5 things: 1. A few years ago, an older cousin told me that any lesson a man may need for his life was contained in Rocky and The Godfather. I did not understand that in that moment, but I do now.2. Tom Hagen is a sweetheart and I love him3. I really like the way people die in these movies. It straddles the fine line between verosimile and melodramatic.4. This is how the color black should look in movies, not the bland, grey shit we get nowadays.5. God, i'm turning into a boomer 
1979 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The opening of The Godfather primarily focuses on two scenes - the first and more overt being the brightly lit, picturesque beauty of a wedding reception, where Coppola spends valuable runtime in order to establish the strong bonds of familial affection running between the Corleone family. However, the ostensible scenic charm of this joyful occasion is swiftly undercut by the interspersed moments spent in a dimly lit interior room, in which the godfather himself, Vito Corleone, carries out negotiations with…   
1980  الفيلم الافضل والاعظم والأكمل في تاريخ السينما The Godfather ، الفيلم الي غير تاريخ السينما و الصناعه للأفضل والذي ظهر فيه اعظم الاداءات من مارلون براندو و آل باتشينومهما اتكلم ماراح اعطي هل فيلم حقه بسبب عظمته وهو سبب عشقي للسينما ودخولي لها عائلة الكورليوني من اقوى عوائل المافيا في عام 1945 الى عام 1955 رغم كل الي تسويه لكن عندهم مبدىء وطبعاً ذا الشي يرجع للأب ڤيتو كورليوني الي كان يعودهم دايم على احترام العائله و انها كل…  
1981 E' difficile persino parlare di qualcosa di così monumentale ed influente come Il padrino.Posso solo dire di essere rimasto stupito da quanto, ha dispetto delle mie aspettative, sia un racconto estremamente sobrio, che sintetizza in tre ore almeno dieci anni di storie, affiancando uno dopo l'altro stralci di storia criminale, familiare ed americana (e non).Un film che prende vita grazie al suo cast leggendario, usato con assoluta moderazione, tempi narrativi perfetti ed una fotografia d'altri tempi.Mi riservo mezza stella per il prossimo capitolo. 
1982 i was born in the wrong generation i want to see this in theaters 
1983 al pacino en los '70 inventó la definición de QUE HOMBRE 
1984 me dieron ganas de cachear entero al Al Pacino de los 70s 
1985 al pacino hot 
1986 too many men 
1987 Revisiting this masterpiece years later after I've matured and grown just hits different. I learned so much about business and life in general. This is probably my 5th watch. I appreciate it more every time I watch it. It is, without any exaggerations, in the top 3 best films of all time. It's not debatable. Monumental. 
1988 It's one of those films that holds up even better on rewatch.I've breezed through it and it never felt that its run time was almost 3 hours. It definitely still is one of the greatest films of all time. 
1989 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Watched this to understand why it was known as one of the most highly-rated films of all time. I am not into the crime genre much but I ended up liking this more than I should.Michael staying low-key mostly in the entire movie and doing that killing spree in the ending is so satisfying to watch. It's similar to a mood when something just snapped inside of you and you wake up one day being done with everyone's bullshit. And really, I could watch that entire bloody revenge scene over and over. It's just brilliant!  
1990 masterpiece! 
1991  One of the best films of all-time. #2 on my list specifically. I know it’s a cliche to say, but I’ve never been a fan of discounting popular works of art simply because they’re popular. That's a weird notion to me. And THE GODFATHER has more than earned its reputation. Its juxtaposition on violence as it relates to a father and son is as emotionally gripping as it is dramatically riveting. At its heart, THE GODFATHER is less a crime…  
1992 i had a dream where i rewatched the film in its entirety yesterday. the universe had made me an offer i can’t refuse, so i did what i had to do 
1993 Of course 5 stars, it's the fucking godfather. 
1994 2 weddings and a funeral. I've always had a soft spot for epic's. When an epic is done well, I get so much need to make films. I actually did like Apocalypse Now more. I know I shouldn't compare, but I just did. Ahh I'm already missing watching The Godfather it a little. Just the feel of this non stop motion. One thing leading to the other. But you can only watch a film once for the first time. 
1995 funny how when the filmbros critique and praise this they always go for the same points yet fail to mention how fit young al pacino is 😗✌️ 
1996 Goodfellas is better Edited: 4.5 -> 4 
1997 Francis Ford Coppola’s masterpiece sees the Corleone family fighting for dominance in 40’s New York as the head of the family played iconically by Marlon Brando considers retirement after an attempt on his life and young Michael Corleone begins his ascent.  So much to love about this movie, this pretty much became the blueprint of every mob movie and TV show since.  Loved James Caan in this. 
1998 Truly one of the best movies of all time, and I'm so lucky I was able to see The Godfather in theaters. I've officially seen both of the films in theaters, and it definitely does add to the experience. I also got to say how much I loved Al Pacino to a random employee at the theater.My one critique is the theater I watched it in cut off the subtitles for some reason and it really irritated me. 
1999 I had the honor of seeing this in theatres today.There really isn't much to say about the film itself that hasn't been said already.One thing that struck me on this rewatch is how much the mob used to resemble the royal family in obvious and not-so-obvious ways. As in, the ethics, the organization and quite honestly even the "reliance" on the mob to sustain the economy. It's the closest America got to having a monarchy.I can honestly never get enough of this movie. 
2000 There's a scene where following a stressful encounter Michael Corleone lights a cigarette and his hands are not shaking. He notices that they aren't. That right there is when he became the Don. 
2001  There’s a reason why this is considered one of the all time best. This epic tale of a mafia family is as thrilling now as it was back in 1972. Not a moment wasted, the characters are all compelling and the plot is marvellous. The characters are well rounded, and even some of the smaller characters in the film have charm and a reason. They are all memorable, with some of the most memorable movie quotes of all time. “I’m…  
2002 Since entering this app I wanted to make an analysis of the godfather's trilogy, but I preferred to wait to read the book, I admire how Francis Ford Coppola handled the story of Don Vito and his family, it is unique and unmatched, I think I am facing the best movie well adapted to 100% of a book, you can call me crazy or exaggerated, but I loved it and it became fast in one of my favorite trilogies almost surpasses the lord of the rings. 
2003 "i will make you an offer you can't refuse".i am just in a gangster movie mood. 
2004 Obra histórica do cinema é inquestionável a qualidade a herança que esse filme deixou com os anos. 
2005 all the same middle aged white guy with slightly different italian names how can i keep track of all of them...love u tho al pacino 🤝 
2006 Nach der Erstsichtung vor ungefähr 16-17 Jahren fand ich "Der Pate" nur okay - er war mir damals vor allem zu langatmig -, aber nach jeder weiteren Sichtung mochte ich Ihn mehr. Nun, nachdem ich den Film ungefähr zum 5. Mal gesehen habe, erkenne ich Ihn auch als subjektives (und natürlich objektives-) Meisterwerk an! 
2007 What a PHENOMENAL work of art. 
2008 The performances alone justify this as one of the all-time classics. It's a movie that demands obsession, and it's one that I haven't watched nearly enough. I know this isn't the most in-depth review, but I feel like I've got a much better one in me someday, and I'm just glad to have started my 20th year on a fantastic note. 
2009 I mean, of course I'd give this a 5/5. It would be a fucking disgrace if I didn't.The 5/5 rating doesn't mean it's fully perfect, but goddamn does it come extremely close. 
2010 (Watched on restored 35mm.)As an observer, I love this movie-- it's well crafted, has an incredible atmosphere, and the world it depicts is perversely fascinating.What I long for when I watch a movie, though, isn't just to be an observer but to get pulled into the soul of the story, and that's where The Godfather has always fallen short with me.I think that Michael Corleone is probably the heart of this movie, but if he is, why don't we find out more about him? 
2011 La Mejor Película de la Historia del Cine. Y la razón inicial por la que amo tanto al cine.  Firma: Gabriel Fasano 
2012  The Passing of the Torch.When The Prince Charles Cinema put on a 35mm Godfather Trilogy screening, it was an offer I couldn't refuse.The Godfather is not only one of the greatest films of all time because of its masterful storytelling, attention to detail or incredible performances. It has the lasting factor to stand out amongst the rest over almost 50 years later.I let the film sit for a few days and I found myself repeatedly coming back…  
2013  It had been so long since I’d last seen this, that my only memory of the film was a haze of famous lines and referenced moments. So for all intents and purposes, this was my first time watching The Godfather, old enough to fully understand and appreciate it.Compared to the many movies that have followed in its wake, what stands out about The Godfather is how deliberate it is. The classic crime epic moves at such a measured pace,…  
2014 The Reputation Stadium Tour: A Netflix Original Special is so much better than this 
2015 Great movie but I also have like the shortest attention span EVERRRRRR 
2016 i relate to vito corleone because i too would call out for al pacino when i’m lying in bed sick 
2017 Pacino's the lead, Brando's supporting, the Oscars really should issue a formal apology any day now 
2018  “I believe in America.” Thus begins one of the greatest achievements in cinema, the prototypical mafia movie (aside from perhaps ‘Goodfellas’), the most iconic mafia leader in movies, Don Corleone played by the icon himself Marlon Brando. Five stars. 
2019 I finally watched this at age 35. Good stuff. Episodic storytelling rarely feels so effortless, so natural. The restaurant assassination is one of the most tense sequences in any gangster movie I've ever seen. Brando really is great in this, but Robert Duvall might be the standout. Can't wait to see part 2. 
2020 I trusted you, Nicky. I welcomed you into my home. We broke bread together. Granmama made you a cannoli. And how did you repay my generosity? With a rug. Made from the butt of a skunk. A skunk butt rug. You disrespected me. You disrespected my Granmama, whom I buried in that skunk butt rug. 
2021 My Ode to Sicily Marathon continues with the Godfather trilogy!The Godfather gets better with each watch, if that's possible. This is my third rewatch, and I just keep noticing more and more subtle things.Michael Corleone's character arc is, quite frankly, the best one I've ever witnessed. The baptism scene! The ending! Oh my god!!!If I ever wanted to become a screenwriter or director, the brilliance of this movie is what I would try to emulate. Holy cannoli. 
2022  It was thrilling to finally see this on the big screen! Unlike many, I have only seen the film a few times. It had been so long that I'd forgotten many scenes.I wish I could see Part 2 this way. I've always preferred 2, but 1 may be in the lead now just because it's so much better at the cinema.I have a couple of quibbles for those who know more or have opinions.Why is Appolonia necessary…  
2023  watched in theaters(!)An absolute masterpiece of storytelling and filmmaking, The Godfather, is, put simply, one excellent, transfixing, beautiful scene after another. And another. And another and another and another.. FOR THREE HOURS! That's fucking insane!And all of it's fascinating. So captivatingly real. More times than not it feels more documentary than scripted.Take a look at that wedding scene. WHAT?? This was staged?? Feels like stock footage (albeit Gordon-Willis-shot stock footage) straight out of an actual Italian wedding.…  
2024 It's not a coincidence that baby Sofia Coppola was in the best scene......queen of cinemaEdit: I drove home in the pouring rain listening to the soundtrack and it was the best moment of my life 
2025  Grad School Prep 1/34It's a shame that, in an attempt to figure out why this film is such a classic, all I seemed to find where comments along the lines of, "what a gem! Don't need to say anything that's already been said!"Well... what's been said, lol.The best answer I came across is that this is some kind of perfect example of the American Dream realized. idk maybe this was the first film of its kind to…  
2026 THE BAPTISM SCENE!!!! 
2027 There will never be a greater mob film for as long as human beings exist 
2028  I was due for a rewatch ages ago. I saw Godfather in high school and was unimpressed. It was a significantly slower pace than the Scorsese gangster pictures I was used to. As an adult with more patience and understanding of what this film meant to the genre, I found the excitement and thrill I missed as a teenager. I found the movie very intense which is what made it most enjoyable. Even though I remembered most of the big…  
2029 What the hell is 
2030  "My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator"- MichaelFrancis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather is quite possibly, the greatest motion picture ever created. A bold statement if any, and one that is sure to spark up controversy, Coppola’s The Godfather is timeless, iconic and perfect in every sense. A soaring mob epic and a striking family drama about love and despair, The Godfather has today become one of the…  
2031 I would write a review for this movie, but words cannot explain how great this film is. 
2032 I've thought long and hard, and searched high and low; and I honestly cannot find a single flaw in The Godfather.Pure perfection. 
2033 aw man i was all ready to hate this 
2034 I stayed awake the whole time! Couple of close calls... but we made it 
2035 Only just watched it now but it was great. Anyone have recommendations for films like this and even similar to my favourite 4? 
2036 i want to make michael an offer he can’t refuse 
2037 Watched in 2023 - Film 275This probably sounds really dumb but I forgot how good James Caan and Al Pacino are in this. Also, Al Pacino does something to me (an alleged lesbian). 
2038  back at it baby !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the incredible thing about this film is that there is just so much to talk about always, it's incredible the depth of thought and care that was put into it by everyone involved, even if to the point of insanity. there's something to be said for rewatching a film when you know so much about how it was made — mostly that it's incredibly funny (al pacino thinking that he was going to be fired…  
2039 Dear Marlon Brando, you continue to amaze me time and time again.  
2040  I feel like the first time I watched this I was probably a babymy family’s Italian and so I already know I’ve talked way too much about the weird-ass things they do— and apparently one of those is just not giving a fuck about having THE GODFATHER movies playing almost 24/7 as I grew up— but who cares— it’s probably a big part of why I love movies as much as I dowhat can you even say anymore…  
2041 Definitely Not Overrated. Pacing : 8.5/10Cinematography : 8.9/10Story : 10/10Plot : 9/10Overall Rating : 10/10 
2042 Never gets old 
2043  I will not utter the three word phrase that everyone under the sun uses when talking about this excellent film.First time that I've seen this in probably four years, give or take? One of those films, like for many of us on this site I'm sure, that I watched as I was beginning to get into really appreciating the craft of cinema. It must've been around late 2018, because the memory I have seeing this for the first time…  
2044 Not really sure what I was thinking when I gave this a 7/10. 
2045 too many italians 
2046 italians seem great! i wish they were real. 
2047 A damn fine motion picture 
2048 The beauty of The Godfather is the perfect balance between crime and humanity. Bumping it up to a 10/10 on this viewing. 
2049 Would’ve been good if I actually understood what they were saying or had the wacky quips but nah it continues to insist upon itself. 
2050  50 Jahre THE GODFATHERHeute vor genau 50 Jahren, also am 14.03.1972 feierte dieser Meilenstein der Filmgeschichte seine Weltpremiere und ich konnte ihn anlässlich dieses Jubiläums zum ersten mal in meinem Leben im Kino auf der großen Leinwand genießen. Verdammt, dieser Film wird einfach nicht alt. Definitiv einer der besten Filme aller Zeiten. Viel mehr kann und muss ich zu diesem Film nicht sagen, das haben andere schon zu genüge getan und vorallem finden sie auch die besseren Worte für…  
2051 ya sabemos lo impecable que es esta película en todos los aspectos posibles, todo es perfecto. pero verla de nuevo pero esta vez en el cine hace que todo se potencie. que fortuna ver una de las mejores películas de la historia del cine en la pantalla grande. * se para y aplaude * 
2052 Glad I didn’t miss watching it on the big screen What a fucking experience 🤩Not glad tho that I've watched it with people thinks appollonia’s boobs are something good to laugh at !!! 
2053 first time seeing this movie in eight months (shocker!) and it was on the big screen love that for me!!! michael corleone you will always be sexy(the only other people in the theater were grown ass men help) 
2054 i wish italian people were real.. 
2055 Holly shit. Estoy seriamente considerando bajar la nota a todas mis películas registradas (aunque no, qué flojera jaja). No sé que más puedo aportar, pero lo bueno es que cumplí un sueño más: ver El Padrino en el cine.Solo faltan La La Land (sí, la vi en mi casa, voy a llorar), Pulp Fiction, Schlinder's List y Psycho.Es que todo está excelente, no puede seeer.Las mejores 3 horas que he vivido en el cine.Btw, Al Pacino > Marlon Brando (en la película). 
2056  I mean.... it's the Godfather. I don't know what else I have to say. Is it my favorite film ever made? I mean it's in my top 10 now but no. However, is this the greatest movie ever made? In my eyes, 100%. This movie is flawless, the acting is perfect, the story is brilliant, the pacing is great, seriously this film is 3 hours long and yet it never drags somehow. The characters are all fleshed out and memorable,…  
2057  Everyone has their first picture that captivate them into the art of film and I think for me it was The Godfather. I often struggled in life trying to find what my true passion is and I essentially just went through different phases and career path ideas. However, everytime I would just burn out and I reached the point in life where I started thinking that I'd never find my true passion and went down a really dark phase just…  
2058  The Godfather is GODly cinema!Haha slap that quote on a poster!It’s practically a rite of passage as a cinephile to watch The Godfather. We are talking about monumental touchstones of American movie-making, that marries a thoughtful and slow-burn auteur driven sensibility with a populist  violent melodrama about the tragic overtones of falling victim to the lust for power and money.It’s the opening titles where we are introduced to one of The Godfather’s many iconic features, the musical…  
2059  My 1000 film on Letterboxd! We did it you guys.I was cautious when I started the movie. Many thoughts were on my mind, maybe it is good but overhyped? Maybe it hadn't aged well? I told a friend I was gonna watch this and he said it is " a movie for straight people", one of those that appeal to the male fantasy and are not as great as people say (I then realized he has never watched it).…  
2060 it’s not for me, i’m sorry everyone 
2061 How did it take me so many damn years to watch this?Don Corleone isn’t afraid to kill a bitch but still goes home to unconditionally love his family. Iconic. 
2062 i only rewatched this in hopes i would remember some stuff so i could watch part two but i forgot that halfway through this movie my brain cells start to fail and i just don’t understand whats happening especially in the last few scenes and i really sat there watching this movie at 5am absolutely sleep deprived. really hoping my brain cells get themselves together so i can watch part two and understand what’s going on!!! 
2063 Happy Family Day! 
2064  Top 100 of all time SelectionThe Godfather Trilogy"Leave the gun, take the cannolis."There are films that entertain you, films that help you understand what great acting is, and films that are ideologically epic, well, The Godfather is all that and more. Films like The Godfather don't come often enough, but when they do is just a threat to the senses, every aspect of the film is exquisite, from the clever informative exposition in the opening scene that…  
2065  The endurance of the film as a cultural monument is not in question. Corleone is a synonym for Mafia tactics and corruption, frequently used to describe repressive and thieving governments. The infamous scene of finding a horse's head in one's bed is a byword for a threat to one's life, likewise the "Sicilian message" of somebody "sleep[ing] with the fishes" if fish are delivered to friends or relatives wrapped in an item of the deceased's clothing. The cast, led by…  
2066 Al Pacino is the greatest. My GOAT. 
2067 moi mon parrain a arrêté de me parler à 7 ans perso donc le mec qui mélange tout mdrrbref classique de bz tout est culte réputation méritée j'vous apprends rien c'est pr ça que j'ai opté pour une blague de merde 👍🏻---Ps : 34e film du mois c'est quoi cette stat de puant la 
2068 I don't know why seeing tits on a big screen was so funny for me and my homegirl 
2069 BADABING 
2070 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Santino might be vito’s eldest son but michael is THE eldest daughter. Crazy how michael’s whole expressions and characterisation shifts towards a dark tone after santino dies. I’m constantly flabbergasted by al pacino’s acting here. Rewatching this after finishing the trilogy makes the parallels between vito and michael even more apparent. Vito dancing with his daughter at her wedding, surrounded by his children and grandchildren after he came back from hospital, dying when he was playing with his grandson while…   
2071 ‘A man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man’ - Vito Corleone The Greatest Film of All Time 
2072 zapalio bih s kumom 
2073  It took me a while to get into this, which I expected.But when things really start happening, I did become more and more invested the further it developed.This really isn’t my kind of thing at all, not great men talking business and fighting and killing all the time.So I was indeed surprised that I actually found at least 80% of it “enjoyable” and impressive.I did gasp at many of the shocking moments and did find all…  
2074 j’ai passé plus de temps sur wikipedia qu’à regarder le film c’est un enfer 
2075  I haven't seen this in almost 20 years.Family, honor, tradition, la cosa nostra.I'm rating this high because I'm very aware that this is a phenomenal picture. But to be frank, I've never emotionally attached myself to it they way the rest of the civilized world has. That's not an attempt at being a contrarian film bro, but just a matter of fact truth. The Godfather is all about the code - the honor of the family business. And…  
2076  I'll rewatch Pt. II in the following days to confirm, but I'm fairly certain that I like Pt. I more -- mainly because of Brando.His screen presence as Vito Corleone is peerless, in a uniquely magical way. I started with the subtitles enabled, but quickly disabled them because I found looking down to them detracted me from seeing each and every one of his face scratches and subtly performed micro-expressions. This meant losing a bit of the dialogue (that…  
2077  The deed is done, and I have finally watched one of, if not the most celebrated, works of art in the history of cinema, i.e. Ford Coppola's "The Godfather" Although I have plenty to talk about, I will keep things short and only speak of a few pointers and aspects that made notable impressions.First and foremost, the screenplay is astonishing—one of the finest pieces of literature I have ever encountered. Despite being three hours long in length, I never…  
2078 Phenomenal. No notes. 
2079 4K UHD Blu RayFirst off, amazing 4k transition. I wasn’t expecting it to be 1:78:1, i’m not sure why but I was very pleased that it was. This was a fun world to immerse myself into, the 1940s New York Italian mob scene. Being introduced to the Corleone family one by one and see everyone involved with them. Every moment of dialogue is killer, every actor nails it to a T. The action was good, good crime scenes, long but enjoyable watch. Was a gross rainy day so I figured today was a great day to watch it. 
2080 abbojee’s choice i never thought i’d have to watch these films until my dad chose it for movie night..WELL, it was actually better than i expected and i understand why it’s so iconic. i loved the plot, score and the whole family dynamic, i was a little lost in places but that’s just me being dumb..also al pacino was SO FINE 😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨 michael was my favourite! i’m very excited to see the next instalment. 
2081 Sou muito burro pra entender filme de máfia 
2082 apoio a criação do godmother dirigido pela sofia coppolavamo galera mulheres god is a woman já dizia a grande ariana 
2083 i stick motha fuckin provolone in my socks at night 
2084 Cinema at it's peak. Absolutely perfection. There's none like it. A movie can't get any better than this. A masterpiece. 
2085 1st time watching, saw the hype and praise and was ready to call it overrated and overhyped but i was dead wrong. 175 minutes worth of pure cinema, the cinematography, the acting and everything else is just chefs kiss. standout performer for me is tied between al pacino or marlon brando, so many iconic scenes in this film as well it's crazy. if there were an option to give this movie 6 stars i would do it in a heartbeat, period. 11/10. 
2086 the film bros were right this time i fear 
2087  Que tótem! Que película la c*ncha de la lora! Es casi para mi inexplicable como alguien puede venir a revolucionar las formas clásicas de un género aparentemente desgastado (en la época). Elevar las técnicas clásicas llevándolas a un nuevo cine, uno que revolucionaría parámetros y rompería barreras. La mítica generación, la nueva generación de Hollywood, el Nuevo cine Americano. The Godfather (1972) y The Godfather II (1974) son de las más representativas. Los lazos intrafamiliar contados en este largometraje son…  
2088 I made my sister watch this and despite being on her phone during leave the gun take the cannoli and saying that “at the end of the day this is no avengers endgame”, she did like it, so woo! 
2089 There’s a reason this film is consistently ranked among the greatest films of all time. Cinema doesn’t get much better then The Godfather. 
2090 eu nunca vou superar a beleza do al pacino jovem, que homem lindo mds 
2091 if don vito corleone can survive five gunshotsI can survive my final exams 😎 
2092 throwback to when i was 15 preparing to be a godparent. so i watched this as research 
2093 After watching The Offer I couldn’t refuse to watch this masterpiece again. Most thrilling movie I‘ve ever seen. The 3 hours went by like nothing. There are no flaws. Everything is perfect. The best picture in the history of film and my all time favorite. 
2094  Without a doubt amongst the greatest of all motion pictures. Marlon Brando is Don Corleone in what may be his best performance. The film works on every level and still remains as potent today. The saga of the Corleone family and their rise in the mob world is the quintessential American story. At first it seems as though Vito Corleone is the central character, but it soon becomes clear that young and comparably innocent Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) is really…  
2095  Sometimes, a film is so widely loved, so strongly praised, so mythologized, that it is difficult to separate the merits of the movie on its own from its legacy and prestige. And yet, every time I rewatch the The Godfather I am struck by how beautiful this movie is just as a single watching experience. Outside of the trilogy and the references and the influence it had on filmmaking, The Godfather is simply a wonderful movie. Its characters are surprisingly…  
2096 Watch #1 - "It's ok."Watch #2 - "It's pretty good."Watch #3 - "It's very good."Watch #4 - "It's still very good... but, is it perfect?" ¯\_(ツ)_/¯More or less. And yes, I know. Sonny missed a spot. 
2097  "The Godfather". What comes to mind when your hear those words? The greatest film of all time? The best cast ever assembled? One of the biggest achievements put to film? One of the most emotion evoking scores you've heard? The best pacing of any film in cinema? Well, you might not immediately think of those questions, but I certainly do.The Godfather is the film. If there was only one film that's without a doubt perfect, it's The Godfather. When…  
2098 Saw this in my student union theater. The sound was overblown and the quality must’ve been 720p, but it felt like the original version than a remastered or upgraded version. I immediately felt the benefits of seeing this movie in a theater, right from the jumps between the bright luscious wedding to Don Corleone's dark shady office. Gonna see part 2 in theaters tmrw! 
2099 Objectively the best film ever made. 
2100  this literally is my family one time i asked my nonno if my dogs should have godparents and he got upset with me shoutout my godfather zio louEDIT !! focaccia recipe i recently found !!! it’s like a quick baby recipe for tiny focaccia so you need 1 cup all purpose flour 1/2 tsp salt 1 1/4 tsp sugar mix those make tiny hole in middle and add 1/3 cup lukewarm water then bloom 1 tsp yeast then add…  
2101 Alguien que en un inicio dice que no es como su familia, después tiene un tremendo desarrollo de personaje para terminar siendo el jefe de la familia y seguir el legado de su padre, to me that's cinema right there 🚬 
2102 A masterpiece for real. Love how simple and slow this movie is but the writing so good. Like there is no reason to overthink it, it's just good. The only other movie with the same pace that I love is Whiplash, I just really how these movies take their time to tell the story, it doesn't feel forced or too fast 
2103  The most supremely overrated film of all time due to its fundamentally broken plot, focus on character rather than story, extreme overlength without corresponding narrative substance, and content (even when censored). Film entirely lacks a plot and is overrun with multiple pointless storylines full of vague details. Michael's turn (which is the vital core of the plot) is not set up and clearly established at all, making the entire drama contradictory and his character arc illogical. Has multiple significant plot…  
2104 Obra-prima irretocável. 
2105 Titanesque. Au delà de l’aspect cultissime du film et des différentes ambiances, c’est le développement et l’évolution des personnages qui est vraiment intéressant, particulièrement Michael et V. Corleone à travers un Al Pacino et un Marlon Brando tous deux envoûtants ! 
2106 Al Pacino is so fine 
2107  Provavelmente o mais famoso e influente filme da Nova Hollywood surgida nos anos 1970, até hoje segue sendo um filme muito querido entre o público, valorizado entre a crítica, e tido como uma das principais referências dentro do universo cinematográfico.Apesar de ser um filme sobre gangsters, o mote principal da história é a importância da família, o valor dos laços familiares. Marlon Brando tem uma atuação impecável na pele de Don Vito Corleone, o "Padrinho" chefe da família.Ao…  
2108 This isn’t even a review, I just acknowledge the fact that finally in my 18 years so far I have only just watched The Godfather.Dare I speak further? I think I will keep it simple instead.(17th Film watched on watchlist) 
2109 i didn’t intend to watch this film again anytime soon but it happened to be playing on a tv channel i was switching to, so here we are. 
2110 “I believe in America…”The HOLD this movie has over me is embarrassing. 
2111 The greatest movie in film history 
2112 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I had forgotten just how brutal this film was. Especially when Carlo is abusive to Connie. I mean rival crime families gunning each other down is expected in a film about dons, territory, profit, and "loyalty", where the police can be bought, newspapers can be purchased to print a certain point of view, political allies and movie studios (and a bandleader) can be "persuaded" to "do business", and when one family won't work with another on trafficking narcotics, out come…   
2113 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Amazing from start to finish with the acting, visuals, writing and original score. The baptism scene was put together so well and a personal favourite scene in the film  
2114  "That's my family Kay. It's not me." Authoritative corruption deals the final blow turning Michael to crime. His vengeance is two-sided: a familial and personal bout. From the start of his uprising, he's taking it too personal; and perhaps that's what the entire film is getting at. The second it becomes personal, moral consideration is sidelined for utmost power, tied to retribution and pride. The war hero is betrayed by his fellow countrymen, his brothers laugh in his swollen face.…  
2115 Das Blut und das Töten war einfach 300 Mal besser als bei den meisten neuen Filmen! 
2116 On rewatch this is solidified as one of the best movies of all time. Don’t have much to say that I didn’t hit in my original review but the movie unfolds itself upon multiple viewings. Luca Brasi putting on a bullet proof vest to the lyrics of a Christmas song singing, “friends that are dear to us” is beautiful and is an example of how methodical this movie is, yet it feels effortless upon viewing. It’s hard to compare anything else to it without being sacreligious  or without doing this film a disservice. It’s a masterpiece. 
2117 it insists upon itself 
2118 Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.  🤌🤌🤌 
2119 50th anniversary rerelease i was gonna write a long, heartfelt review about the power of cinema and all that but all i can think about it how my dad leaned over to me during the movie and went "there's a poster in the back for a fight with jake la motta!! robert de niro easter egg!" 
2120 truly an underrated underground indie masterpiece. more people should watch this 
2121  A case study in cinematic greatness: the stretch in The Godfather from 1:01:13 to 1:29:33. It’s the sequence bookended by assassinations. First the failed one on Don Corleone and culminating with Michael’s killing of Sollozzo and Captain McCluskey.  Coppola builds unease from the outset. The almost all-black establishing shot of the hospital, coupled with the ominous notes of Nino Rota’s score. The empty guard posts and the too quiet atmosphere in the hospital are eerie. The record player skipping…  
2122  I have just finished watching the 4K of this magnificent work of art. The restoration is nothing short of breathless, absolutely exhilerating.It was like seeing it for the first time - and I've seen it in a theatre. On film!Anyone who tells you the picture is darker in the 4K, or that the black levels are off, or that anything is wrong with this remaster is just yankin' your chain.True, the previous Blu-ray edition did have a…  
2123 Sometimes a movie needs to be experienced in a theater, and this is one of them. There’s so much about this to praise, but I don’t think I could even start with that. The Godfather is definitely  a one of a king movie, and this is surely one that needs to be watched. Wow, just wow. 
2124  The Godfather :-Watched the Coppola Restoration edition. It is some of the reasons why I consider this film is the greatest piece of art ever made are it shows the atmosphere of the organized crime world, it's function and the heat and darkness surrounded by it in a rooted and reflection-of-reality manner, it being well defined at the culture it belongs to i.e italian-american and also well defined each and every character. These are the basic that need to…  
2125 Grew on me on rewatch. More likely than not, I'm going to watch Part II for the first time tomorrow. Still can't believe that this was made in 1972. In 1972, they were still using the guillotine as means for capital punishment in France. "You come into my house on the day my daughter is to be married, and you ask me to do murder for money." 
2126 I rewatched in the cinema, it was 3 hours full of greatness, this is my first time going there alone, the whole place was empty except me. GREAT EXPERIENCE. 
2127 yes it’s as good as people say it is and i’m so glad i got to see it at the cinema 
2128 Just perfect, I got no other words to describe it 
2129  Watching this in the theater was a dream come true.It's rare where I live to get to see some of cinema's all time classics at the big screen. We barely get re-releases like this so when we do get one I make a priority to go and The Godfather was one I always wanted to watch in a theater and what an experience it was. I've seen it before a couple of times and loved it but something hit…  
2130 always here for the Tom Hagen show 
2131  “Ow! My ears.” “Yeah I left it noisy. That way it scares any pain-in-the-ass innocent bystanders away.”The harsh and distinct contrast between light and dark in the shady world of the Corleone family visually shows the fight between good and bad in every mans individual soul. It's a world filled with duality and where people do tough choices. A world with harsh rules, harsh limits and thus harsh lighting applications. The Godfather isn't a movie about a crime family…  
2132 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   — Michael Francis Rizzi, ¿renuncias a Satanás?— Renuncio a él.— ¿Y a todos sus trabajos?— Renuncio a ellos.Su reestreno en cines, en versión restaurada, con motivo de ¡medio siglo! de aniversario de su estreno en 1972, es una clara invitación a visitar o revisitar el clásico de, aunque no lo parezca -ni se las padezca-, casi 3 horas de duración.Si tuviera que elegir mi secuencia favorita, sin dudarlo sería la del “Bautismo de fuego”, en…   
2133  From Nino Rota’s opening note of The Godfather Waltz, to ‘Al Neri’ closing ‘Michael’s office door on ‘Kay’ as she looks on at her husband receiving the acknowledgements of a Don, Francis Ford Coppola’s mafia epic delivers what is arguably America’s most defining contribution to world cinema. Perfection is a term overused when discussing many a picture, but I really do struggle to find any moments in this movie that negates that particular turn of phrase.Films in general tend to…  
2134 my sicilian package holiday went literally nothing like michael’s 
2135 I wrote a 4000 word essay about this movie in college. No, I am not posting it here. This movie is literally perfect 
2136 “Leave the gun, take the cannoli.”Watching The Godfather tonight in the theater was a religious experience. It was my father’s favorite film, and his father’s before him. Showing this movie to their sons might be the primary way the men in my family know how to communicate. If I was a better writer, my review would sound like Mr. Dulac’s. He encompasses my thoughts here better than I can. 
2137 I'll keep it simple and short...This is the best cinema experience I've ever had ❤️ 
2138 no one: al pacino: 👁👁 
2139  The Godfather follows Vito Corleone, Don of the Corleone family, as he passes the mantle to his unwilling son, Michael. The film is a psychological dive into a powerful family and the transformation of the main characters are perfectly encapsulated within the movie. This film has one of those big massive reputations and legacies probably only comparable to maybe Citizen Kane because few films are as legendary and held to as high of a cultural achievement as The Godfather. In…  
2140 Grabbing the cannoli. 
2141  فيلم العرّاب يكسر الصورة النمطية المأخوذة عن أفلام العصابات والجريمة.. وينجح في تحدّي تقديم مزيج رائع من شخصيّات قمّة في العمق وقصّة مثيرة للاهتمام برأيي ينقسم امتياز الفيلم الى قسمين : أولهم هو المبادئ والقِيَم العديدة يلي يناقشها الفيلم في إطار الثقافة الإيطالية وأفرادها.. وثانياً الجانب الإنساني والعائلي العميق يلي شفناه عن طريق شخصيّات كسرت حاجز السطحيّة مقارنةً مع الصورة المأخوذة عن مجرمي العصابات في أفلام ثانية  القسم الأول يُرينا الصراع حول القوّة والنفوذ والصراع بين الأصول الإيطالية للشخصيات…  
2142 It’s the godfather innit, that’s all the input you need from me x 
2143 Ok, I get the hype.I’ve had this on DVD for months and finally got around to watching it lmao. Never seen it before, but I’ve been watching The Sopranos so now I need to see all the mafia movies. Excited to watch Part 2. My DVD Collection 
2144 100/100The perfect film. A ravishing, often times overwhelming experience. It's everything you want in a high stakes crime film: balancing the elements of violence, politics and romance so, so well. Then there's the acting, then there's the cinematography, then there's the beautiful, beautiful music. I've always appreciated this film but now on my third watch, I think I can finally say I've fallen in love with it. 
2145 i am a vito corleone apologist I ❤️ YOU VITO!!!!!! he’s so crazy and silly 
2146 God imagine just walking around your small Italian village and Al Pacino just shows up out of nowhere with his perfect face. I'd have a fucking heart attack. 
2147 AAJDHSKCHZPSBSOSHSSIHFSODJAKFHSJ 
2148  Ngl, I'm not the biggest fan of the mafia style, it's stopped me from fully connecting with The Sopranos in the past, and left me feeling a bit underwhelmed by Goodfellas. But it wasn't an issue with this film. My attention was grabbed right from the first scene. One of the first things I noticed in the film was how each member of the cast did not seem to be simply mafia archetypal characters. Of course they mostly possess a…  
2149 really thought this movie would be overrated but it’s actually very well made! normally not the type of movie I gravitate towards but i still admire the excellent performances by pacino and brando. the story was also very interesting and seeing michael’s character development throughout the movie was amazing. overall a very good movie and definitely not overhyped ! 
2150 The first half was absolutely amazing and I loved it so much. But then the last hour felt like an eternity. Omg I was so bored. 3 hours!?!?!?!?!? Ok don’t get me wrong, literally every aspect of this movie is amazing. Cinematography, dialogue, acting, plot, etc.Well imo there was some underdeveloped characters but it’s alright.I honestly don’t see myself rewatching this ever.I 500000% percent see why this is loved so much but it probably just isn’t rlly for me.Like I said though, first half was IMPECCABLE! 
2151 diane keaton’s character being named kay and al pacino repeatedly saying “kay” endearingly throughout this film you know what maybe i don’t hate my name . let me just live this delusion yes 
2152 Kieran BArtie BGrant ZJoey R 
2153 I watched once back in 8th grade when I had the worst attention span ever and I'm pretty sure I zoned out through most of it. I was gonna rewatch it and then give it the same rating with the review "it insists upon itself". But uh it was pretty great, really thought this would be overhyped but no, it's just that damn good. 
2154 Akhirnya nonton juga The Godfather, padahal nggak ada di watchlist cuma karena nangkring aja di urutan kedua Top 250 imdb jadi tertarik.Dan yahhh, ternyata sangat terkagum terlebih karena Al Pacino yang gantengnya ngga ada obat. HAHAHAHA. Belum lagi karakter yang dimainkan Marlon Brando sang Godfather itu sendiri yang gimana ya aku liat dia berwibawa banget, mengayomi walaupun munculnya ngga banyak. Huhu.Tiga jam yang butuh kesabaran. Karena film mafia ini berjalan lambat, rumit, banyak nama-nama yang muncul dan aku jadi tau apa itu consigliere sebenarnya. Jadi inget Vincenzooooo~ 
2155 me during that whole section where michael is in sicily: al pacino’s waiting, talking italian (talking ITAAAALIAAAAANNN) 
2156 Was für ein Film! Ein Mafiaepos wie man es bis heute nie wieder gesehen hat. Einer Meiner Ewigen Lieblingsfilme und der beste Coppola Film. 5 Sterne! Sonst kann einem, glaub ich, nicht mehr geholfen werden. 
2157 not even going to try to say anything :) 
2158 I want to have a word with the 384 people who gave this a 1/2 star. 
2159 Capolavoro senza tempo, che riporta in auge il genere gangster, innalzandosi a modello di riferimento per le affini opere successive. Ogni componente filmica risulta visivamente pregevole e funzionale all'epicità del racconto, contribuendo a suscitare la giusta dose di tensione. Notevoli in tal senso l'affascinante regia di Coppola, la fotografia ambrata, le musiche di Nino Rota e le magistrali interpretazioni di Al Pacino e Marlon Brando. Un film iconico, che ha segnato per sempre l'immaginario collettivo e la storia del cinema. 
2160  I’ve asked my family for the Blu-ray of THE GODFATHER CODA for Christmas. I’m assuming I’ll be getting it since it’s the only thing I’ve asked for, and if nobody buys it for me I’m just gonna go out first thing on the 26th and buy it for my damn self anyway. so I’m rewatching GODFATHERS 1 & 2 this week in anticipation.I’ve probably seen THE GODFATHER fifty times. if space aliens came to my door right now and said…  
2161 thats whats up 
2162  RIVISTO Questo film è uno dei miei preferiti.Diventa molto difficile spiegare con parole il mio sentimento dopo aver visto questo film... ❤❤❤Ambientata nella bellissima Sicilia.Protagonizzata da Marlon Brando e Al Pacino, due attori, che per me stanno tra i migliori della storia.Benissima storia della mafia italiana-americana e la quantità di problemi che gli succedono.Il film comincia con un matrimonioLa famiglia Corleone ha il obiettivo di ottenere il massimo potere e il rispetto in tutta…  
2163 I haven’t truly lived up until this moment. 
2164 if i was a gangster i would simply not accept any invitations. not to dinner and not for a ride. surefire way to get shot a bunch/garroted 
2165 doutor al pacino em poderoso chefão foi o motivo do meu colapso 
2166 “I’m going to make him an offer he can’t refuse,” Its totally griping from beginning to end but I did have a handful of issues that ruined my immersion. Also that score was just pure perfection. Positives: A great and engaging script that never bored me, good emphasis on making all the characters relevant, good framing composition.But some of the violence and acting didn’t work for me. The Don’s daughter was pretty bad and that public scene with Sonnie just wasn’t convincing. It was all great and I see myself revisiting it, but it didn’t offer me that escapism I love in film. 
2167 I’ll make him an offer he can’t refuse. 
2168 First rewatch since high school (completely forgot Vito gets shot early on), and yeah, from the opening moments, you know you’re watching a masterpiece. Nothing snarky to say. 
2169 It's the Godfather... what the fuck else is there to say? 
2170 What nuance could I bring to this certified classic through my own perspective in a review of this movie? Absolutely none, this film is excellent, watch it right now if you haven’t.(Also, this movie is incredibly rewatchable, I keep finding more and more things to appreciate about it each time I view it.) 
2171 COVID-19. Self-quarantine movie watch #253.I feel that everything that needs to be said about this movie has already been said. But I'm actually happy that I watched this movie at last.It has an amazing script, the acting of everyone here is superb and I admire the quality and the awesomeness of the work from Al Pacino and Marlon Brando. The cinematography and the score is also something to admire. Even if this type of story is not my taste, it is still a great film. It is also surprising how well this holds over time. 
2172 O cinema vanguardista da Nova Hollywood se casa com o cinema de estúdio norte–americano provocando uma espécie de ode ao icônico que segue eterna. 
2173 not me falling asleep during this 😭 
2174 the baptism scene... chills literally chills 
2175  Holy balls of fire. It was hard for me to like the film at first, since I’ve never watched a film like it. I’ve seen Goodfellas, which I consider now to be one of my favorite films ever, and this is nothing like it. Both are great in their own way, but throughout the film I can’t help comparing them and tell myself that this is inferior. But as the story progresses, I understand why the movie gets all the…  
2176 I’d say that if a movie is considered to be the best movie of all time than that pretty much means it gets a safe place in my top 5. 
2177 i dunno if you've heard of this little hidden gem, it's pretty indie tbf. but i dont know man, it's pretty decent. more people should really see this, haven't heard anyone talk about it before. 
2178  Before the review, a little bit of context.So, earlier this year I decided to make a list of every feature-length film I watched this year, so I could keep track of what I've been watching! And I wanted my 100th to be special! And what's more special than the film considered by many to be the greatest movie ever made? With a 4.3 score here on Letterboxd, and a 9.1 o IMDb, The Godfather seemed like the perfect film…  
2179 It insists upon itself 
2180  Em todos filmes de máfia eu fico confusa com a quantidade de personagens e de conflitos, e depois eu não lembro de quase nada do filme, pois não consigo absorver o conteúdo, como em Scarface e O Irlandês, por mais que eu tenha achado ambos filmes bons. E, possuindo esse problema com esse tipo, eu jurava que ia ser mesma coisa com O Poderoso Chefão, mas na verdade, eu consegui acompanhar a maior parte do filme e realmente fiquei surpresa…  
2181  Let me preface this review by saying I have seen The Godfather before, which makes my remarks that much more impactful, in my opinion. (Spoilers ahead)Everyone has seen The Godfather. Cinephiles and non-cinephiles alike. Because it’s a masterpiece. And it is, even for common movie-goers. However, these past couple of years I have gone from a common movie-viewer to a cinephile. This movie solidified that feeling, and I will explain why. I loved this movie the first time I…  
2182 I'm giving it 5 stars because I was given an offer I couldn't refuse 
2183 It’s The Godfather, what do you want me to say? It's nearly flawless, one of the most iconic and influential films ever made. And just like with classics such as The Good, the Bad and the Ugly or Goodfellas, I didn't find myself all that much invested in it. The film just didn't wow me, like I expected it to. It’s more of a personal problem though, and I don't have any issues with it from a filmmaking or writing perspective. Mafia films just never resonated with me, and that's fine. Also, Marlon Brando’s performance in this is one of the best I've ever seen. Legend. 
2184  AFI 100 Greatest Films - #3This one never gets old for me, and I may even gain more respect with each watch. The acting, cinematography, script and plot all blend perfectly, making three hours melt away completely. The number of lines from this film still used in popular culture always astounds me and I have to guess this was my first experience watching an antihero play such a large role, a device which has become all too common today.…  
2185 On the poster it looks like the cat is holding the marionette strings with its little paw 
2186 97/100Definitely one of the best movies ever made, and is possibly the closest movie ever to be a masterpiece. The only con in my opinion is the pacing. The movie is 3 hours long and you can definitely feel that runtime after a while. But besides that, the movie is an absolute masterpiece that everyone should watch at least once. 
2187  If you were anything like me, you saw many movies in your youth—but movies were just movies. They weren't a whole lot different than sports or water slides or riding a bike: they were just a fun way to pass the time. When I began to seriously watch movies in my young adulthood, I remember seeing The Godfather. It was one of the first movies I remember watching that was actually profound. I had never considered that the acting, cinematography,…  
2188 A truly iconic piece of cinema and an undeniable masterpiece in every aspect. 
2189 Watch #3. Few plots can hold a candle to this.Probably because they're plots. 
2190 al pacino hot 
2191 Just as poetic as the first time 
2192 Young Al Pacino is hot don't @ me 
2193 I've lost count how many times I've seen this but it never loses its charm. Loyalty, friendship, greed, betrayal, love for the family and vengeance are the key elements of this film. How power corrupts even a good person will do evil things for survival and protecting the family legacy. This epic saga is timeless. I think every human being should see it regardless of preference in movies.This review is a tribute to the one and only man whom I'm forever grateful for his superior taste and love for cinema. I miss you dad. See you in the after life. 
2194 AFI Top 100 Club boxd.it/1cOza#2 - The GodfatherI think that it's just easier to list all the things that I don't like about The Godfather.Here they are. 
2195  There is nothing I can say about this film that hasn't been said already. The screenplay, the performances, Coppola's direction, all outstanding and the score is one of my favourites of all time. The Godfather is a slow film, extremely slow, and for that reason I considered dropping my rating down by half a star. It takes a lot of patience to watch this film, patience that I don't have, but it just didn't sit right with me to take away…  
2196 imagine cheating on Diane Keaton yikes. Michael does alot of terrible things in this series but that's gotta be the worst 
2197 First single-sitting rewatch in more than a decade. The repeat power of THE GODFATHER surprises me. When was the last time you rewatched a three-hour film and found yourself glued to the screen, immobile? Anticipating each scene, yet still experiencing surprise, noting new details, studying the ways that Pacino's Michael Corleone subtly transforms into his father. 
2198 I feel like if I give this anything less than a 4.5 or higher it means I hate it and have to explain myself.It's extraordinarily well crafted and a great movie but it just didn't interest me as much as I wanted it to. 
2199 It's amazing that I haven't written a review on this film on here before. But I guess it's because I figured everyone already knows how I feel about this film considering it is at the top of just about every single one of my top all time lists.For me this movie is absolutely perfect if every aspect casting, acting, writing, cinematography, direction, score...everything. So rather than drag this out into a long review I will just put a 10/10 and be done with it. 
2200 Seventeen-year-old me reluctantly watched this 1,000 years ago and decided right then and there that certain movies can transcend the medium and are not even comparable to anything else because they are that good. The Godfather is perfect and nothing will ever come close to capturing such greatness on film. Except for Suicide Squad or some shit, of course. 
2201 A family film above all else. Gangsters you care about. A film about the Amercian Dream and how it failed Americans. 
2202  Scavenger Hunt 5!Hunt Order (15/30 ) | Watch Order (8/30) "YOU HAVEN'T SEEN THAT? (a popular movie you haven't seen)": letterboxd.com/milo123/list/scavenger-hunt-5-the-scavenger-strikes-back/"I don't like violence, Tom. I'm a businessman; blood is a big expense."Yeah, this was my first viewing of this film, and given what movies I've watched already, I really shouldn't have waited this long to check out something this epic. Maybe I was worried it wouldn't live up to the hype as one of the greatest…  
2203 It has been many years since I watched this in the theater. And honestly, while I remember it being very good, my recent viewing has confirmed that all other films pale in comparison. The story arc, the acting, cinematography, everything is top rate. What an experience! I now must apologize to all other films I have watched, because every other film on my list moves down one notch. Long Live The King! Long Live The Godfather! 
2204 It's not Citizen Kane. 
2205 Still magnificent.One of the best films ever made, and that isn't just empty praise. There is a literate screenplay, excellent performances, and visuals which are simply gorgeous. It doesn't have a bad or a dull moment. Oh, and yes, Brando is superb. 
2206  Tuvieron el buen tino de reestrenar "El Padrino" con motivo de su aniversario no. 40. No es la primera vez que la veo en cine (según recuerdo, a finales de los noventa la pusieron en el hoy extinto Cinemex Casa de Arte). El asunto es que ver esta película en pantallota es como ver una película que nunca se ha visto. Es emocionante, llena de detalles conocidos y de algunas cosas que no había notado las muchas veces que la…  
2207 too many italians 
2208  Probably the most Influential movie ever made. This masterpeice is regarded as one of the greatest films of all time for a reason. Marlon Brandos performance alone makes this movie a 10/10, backed up with one of the greatest scores of all time and some of the greatest cinematography youll ever see. I could watch this movie a hundred times back to back and wont ever get bored, thats how good it is. The fact that a movie like The…  
2209 “Ele deveria ter cuidado. É perigoso ser um homem honesto”Onde começou o cinema, apesar de ser longo e a construção de tudo ser muito lenta foi tão magnífica a experiência que eu até exqueci que eu estava vendo um filme de 3 horas.Todos atores estão muito bem em seus respectivos personagens e achei até estranho ver atores que eu conheci agora estarem bem novinhos aqui. 
2210 this watch was somehow the first time where i really noticed the prevalence of the esoteric/exoteric distinction via the doorway framing, this best exemplified in the hospital scene where michael quite literally steps back into a completely different mode of being. there's a dimension of hypocrisy that's not easy to understate, but this is also the first viewing where i've noticed the rapid oscillations between states & the tolls that these movements really have (the editing is also rhythmically so well-established in points like the louis scene such that it creates an almost laboured burst of one veil directly into another). 
2211 Rewatching both this and part 2 today 
2212 In the words of Peter Griffin, I did not care for The Godfather 
2213 Der Pate. Ein Film wo mir wirklich die Worte fehlen.Auch wenn ich welche aufsagen könnte, wäre es dem Film doch zu wenig. Zu wenig um dieses Meisterwerk, was die Filmgeschichte sowie die Popkultur maßgeblich geprägt hat, zu ehren. 
2214 this movie sucked ass 
2215 this movie is so insanely long but good wowthe death scenes were incredible 
2216 Okay FINE. I'll admit, it's a great film. Now leave me alone Vic >:( 
2217 Idk if there's anything more to be said about this film which hasn't been said yet. Minor inconveniences aside, it's an overall solid film with strong performances and simple yet effective soundtrack. 
2218  I cannot tell you how much of a high I was on seeing this in the cinema for the 50th anniversary rerelease. It seems Odeon are doing more of these classic screenings lately and I’m so happy about it.I remember being super hesitant to sit and watch this for the first time a few years ago. Most of the critically acclaimed classics I had seen before this had been a bit of a let down so I was worried.…  
2219  I had the fantastic opportunity to watch this for my very first time in a theater. Thinking back on it, I don't think I would want to watch it any other way. I often fear watching movies like Star Wars, The Godfather, Apocalypse Now, and many other highly rated classic films because they may not live up to the hype or I may not love them as much as many people do. Well, I can say with confidence that The…  
2220 First time viewing, in a cinema. Happy to report The Godfather is in fact pretty good. Though it takes some time to get going and yet seems to jump ahead abruptly a couple times despite the epic scope. And some of the kills are pretty goofy. But whatever, it's The Godfather, it's better than almost all other movies and packed with iconic sequences. The cat shoulda got more screen time though. 
2221 بقالي فتره عاوز اعمل ريووتش للفيلم لكن ماكنتش متخيل انها هتحصل على شاشه السينما .. تجربة صعب تيجي زيها تاني 
2222  Film Club, Ranked I mean, c'mon. One of the best of all-time. It is, simply put, one of the greatest stories ever told. On a fourth watch, its underlying themes of capitalist greed, an immigrants struggle for survival and how that competes with the ideas of the "American Dream", and just how subtly Michael's past as a "war hero" allowed him to cross the threshold into managing the family stuck out for me. What a banger. 
2223  Wichtelclub Runde 4 28.06.21 – 11.07.21 - Filmtitel - Wichtel-Vermutung ClintItaliener reden, heiraten und sind wütend - der FilmZu The Godfather kann und will ich nicht viel sagen.Ich war gelangweilt. Am Anfang hab ich mir noch gedacht "mal schauen wohin das jetzt führt" aber mir war schon schnell klar, dass es nirgendhin führen wird.Ich kann hier nicht einfach sagen "ich verstehe nicht wie der Film so beliebt ist" denn ich bin nicht die Zielgruppe hierfür, natürlich…  
2224 "Look how they massacred my boy"Bro look how they made this fantastic ass movie. 
2225 “In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns.”! 
2226 Je refuse de croire que ce film existe réellement.« I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse. » 
2227 There is no doubt that this is a great film. Although I hardly felt any emotion with it, I can't say I wasn't thoroughly impressed and engrossed with the film throughout its runtime. Maybe it went for a little too long and I noticed some poor execution here and there but I mean, it is The Gofather. So I guess it's like a masterpiece or whatever. Anyway it's a really good movie that is definitely one of the best I've seen. 
2228 someone take this movie away from me i cant stop watching it.... 
2229 Simply one of the greatest movies of all time, obviously the story is perfect, the actors and casting are perfect, the directing is flawless. Everything is just phenomenal, I really appreciated all the subtle little details and just the whole film on its own as an experience a lot more second time around and yeah I desperately need to watch part 2. 
2230 (yeah yeah i know it’s only been like 20 days since I last rewatched this. i would prefer not to talk about it.) 
2231  i somehow lived 24 years of life without watching THE GODFATHER or getting spoiled on anything about it, which means that it took me 45 minutes to realize that THAT was al pacino. forgive me mr pacino. i’ve only seen you in THE IRISHMAN and your energy there was wildly differentanyway, great movie! the first half hooked me and then the second half lost me a bit. this is partially because all these mafia guys look the same to…  
2232  Did not care for The Godfather. People tell me this is a perfect movie, and that it has a great cast. Robert De Niro, Al Pacino, Robert Duvall...they are fine actors, but I still did not like the movie. I just couldn't get into it that much. Guess it just didn't gel with me. It insists upon itself. It takes forever getting in, you spend like six and a half hours...I've honestly never gotten through this movie all the way.…  
2233 What a huge film, a true cinema monument, something unique, something special, a gangster film but like no other gangster film, with probably the most amazing cast of history, with probably the most amazing performance of all time in the person of Marlon Brando, with such cult musical themes, and an extraordinaire photography, the majesty itself, here is The Godfather.(edit : bon au final, il faudrait atténuer la review : le film ne m’a pas suffisamment marqué pour conserver son excellente note .. ne me frappez pas)8/10. 
2234 “Try the veal, it’s the best in the city”Oh really Coppola? Well how about you show it next time, asshole. I appreciated the multiple feasts though. 
2235 Sonny boy. I love ya. James Caan stole this movie. 
2236  Watching this on a seemingly ancient double VHS made me appreciate the blu world that we live in. There is much lamenting the state of the world these days, given the death of the video store, cell phones and talking in theatres, and a bunch of other stuff. While all this stuff is lame, the pros of this modern age definitely outweigh the cons. We've got blus that look as good, if not better than the films looked in their…  
2237 I may be the only living person who doesn't like this. I only got 52 minutes in, and all I could see was men asserting their masculinity through violence and power. I have seen this too many times. It was also quite talky and not much seemed to be happening. 
2238 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Have you ever heard of this movie the Godfa  
2239 Don't be afraid, Carlo. Come on, you think I'd make my sister a widow?Stop playing with your food, Mike... 
2240  Countdown to 500 films rated, final watchMy 500th film rated For my last 10 watches before my 500th film rated, I decided to do something a bit special. For the nine watches before the 500th, I watched a movie I’ve missed from all of my favorite directors I’ve gotten into on my film journey this far, breaking for Ricky Stanicky in the middle, forever becoming a part of my letterboxd legacy And for my 500th rating, I watched the…  
2241 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  How does it feel knowing that Don Vito has been the victim of more attempted murders than Mr BigNow all I have to do is to see the other thing Zootopia referenced  
2242 Omg Sofia Coppola hiii 🥰And thanks guys for 1k love all 💞💞 
2243 “Only don’t tell me that you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry” 
2244 “you don’t offer friendship, you don’t even call me godfather.”that line was by far my favourite line throughout the whole movie― lives were changed today, but i don’t even know how to put this movie into words. but everything and everyone was just incredible (especially when al pacino was speaking italian ♡), but i think marlon brando was so beyond incredible.i hope to enjoy the other 2 films as much as i enjoyed this one, because this is probably one of many of my most favourite movies of all time (im literally a filmbro omg) ⋆.ೃ࿔*:･ 
2245 THIS WAS THE TRUE LIVE CONCERT EXPERIENCE AT UNIVERSITY OF MICHIGAN STATE WITH A WHOLE ASS ORCHESTRA PLAYING A PEAK SOUNDTRACK IN SUCH A GLORIOUS WAY SUCK IT SWIFTIES WITH YOUR $10,000 CONCERTS I SPENT LESS THAN $200 WHICH ARE $45 TICKETS PLUS BORDER CROSSING FEES AND FOOD AND SHIT SUCK IT SUCK IT SUCK IT THIS MOVIE IS PEAK AND TAYLOR SWIFT IS NOT SO FUCK OFF SWIFTARDS 
2246 Pizza🍕. Pasta🍝. PUT IT IN A BOX. Bring it here and put it on my cock🍆.My tortellini on my WEENY, Pepperoni on the WAAALLLLLS Cheesy on my PEENY and some sauca-a on my balls! 🇮🇹-*gets shot by Michael Corleone* *AUDIENCE CLAP* 
2247  This semester a student (a really good student!) asked me if he could skip Citizen Kane in Film History 1, because he had never seen it and it had sort of become his thing that he had never seen Citizen Kane, despite having watched many, many well-known films. I told him you should avoid making not-having-seen-some-classic-work part of your identity. So I made him a deal. For years The Godfather has been my go-to example of a famous film I've…  
2248 Il Padrino è uno dei motivi per cui il cinema della Nuova Hollywood è stato e sarà per sempre il momento di picco assoluto per la settima arte. Il cinema verità che si scontra di forza con il genere, e dà vita a quel tipo di arte alta, irripetibile e universale, per cui oggi e per sempre vale la pena vivere. E, nonostante questo, Francis Ford Coppola riuscirà a spingersi ancora oltre. 
2249 uma vez um clássico pra sempre um clássico 
2250 Zootopia did it better. 
2251 C’est un des plus grands films jamais réalisés et c’est juste indéniable.Marlon Brando et Al Pacino et tout les autres sont juste parfait dans leurs rôles, l’histoire est vraiment géniales (bien que j’ai été perdue à plusieurs reprises entre tout les personnages et toute les morts), et les musiques sont si marquantes.Je suis définitivement tomber amoureuse des scènes en Sicile, c’est tellement jolie, tellement beau.J’ai pas vu les 3h passer, ça c’est vraiment génial et très très fort.C’est mon toute première F.F Coppola et certainement pas mon dernier.J’aime le cinéma. 
2252 Outstanding performances from Marlon Brando and a young Pacino. One of the most iconic films in history for a reason. Score, pacing and plot all flawless and some of the most phenomenal acting to date. Part II next. 
2253 One of the greatest movies I have ever seen. A near peerless masterpiece of American cinema. 
2254 Alexa play Salvatore by Lana del Rey 
2255  Should have been the Best Picture Winner of 1972! It was robbed!A-M-A-Z-I-N-G!! Perfection! Thank you Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola.What to say about this timeless classic film??!! It’s been 51 years and the movie is as fresh as ever. So many memorable lines and scenes, it truly is one of the best movies EVER made. I don’t recall exactly when I first viewed this but I think maybe a few years after it came out. The wedding,…  
2256 At this point I have watched this film so many times but still find it to be probably the best film I have ever seen. Obviously everyone knows about how great this is, it’s got a 3 hour runtime but it absolutely flies by. Everything about it is perfect. I honestly don’t see how anyone could not enjoy this. Yes this is my top film of all time and I don’t see anything beating it for a long time, although LOTR is a close second I do love this slightly more. 
2257 all I understood from this is that al pacino is hot 
2258 carlo’s death gets an automatic five stars from me. (i was gonna give it anyway) i will say, i would’ve preferred name tags bc i just didnt know who they were referring to half the time. like who is barzini? 
2259 Rewatch Challenge 2023 Still 10/10 “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse.” —Don Vito Corleone 🍊My Top 100 Favourite Films of ALL Time boxd.it/217T4 
2260 Finally got around to watching The Godfather and it did not disappoint, this movie is the definition of a masterpiece. Will definitely be watching Part II“I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse.”10/10 for 5 stars 
2261 tried watching this a few months ago on a plane but got really distracted by the guy next to me who was watching Tár and i just didn’t feel like picking it back up until now. anyway the movie was phenomenal! yeah it’s The Godfather so it’s expected but still. Francis has a lot of sauce but still, he’s no Sofia 
2262 I feel like the whole point of this film was to prepare for the second part 
2263 I still cant believe how much Sonny misses that punch by and they kept it in. Francis: "Uhh, hey Jimmy I think we're gonna do another take, you missed Carlo's chin by at least 12 inches there..."Caan: "Fuck you talkin bout? It was perfect! I was perfect! Cut! Print! Next scene!"Francis: "Ok Jimmy, ok. *sigh* 
2264 michael corleone is sooo lana del rey coded estou me sentindo muito culta depois de assistir esse aqui, gostei muito, é uma trama tão simples mas ele é tão bem estruturado e perfeitinho, filmaço!!! (largaria tudo pra casar com o michael na Itália de verdade) 
2265 michael corleone you're so babygirl. 
2266 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  The literal best. Can’t get enough of this, gets better every time I watch it.  
2267 If this movie had a taste, it would taste like aged fine wine. 
2268 i didn't know parents could get their child's talent, francis ford coppola was lucky sofia coppola was born 
2269 Hypnotic. It’s like a really long novel I love it 
2270 i love italian men i wish they were real 
2271 The best gangster film. The acting is brilliant Marlon Brando and Al Pachino is brilliant the characters brilliant the cinematographer beautiful the writing storytelling is perfect. Francis Ford Coppola is becoming one of my favourite directors I’ve seen this movie before but the 4K is brilliant and I love this overall 10/10 
2272 February ranking: letterboxd.com/beanfilmreview/list/february-23-ranked-without-rewatches/Top 50 movies: letterboxd.com/beanfilmreview/list/favourites-v2/Now, if you saw my other "review" you'll see that the "first time" I watched this I didn't actually watch it, so this is technically my first time watching it.This was one of the greatest movies ever made, I do respect it however I don't relate to this much however it is a great movie! I love the performances from Marlon Brando and Al Pacino. Francis Ford Coppola made a masterpiece of a movie and one of the best of all time. 
2273  I got lucky and my favorite theater was showing the whole The Godfather trilogy over three days for the theatrical release of Coppola's recut of The Godfather III: The Godfather Coda, The Death of Michael Corleone. I had seen The Godfather earlier in the year for the first time at a theater near me for it's 50th anniversary and I loved it and was debating waiting until I could see The Godfather II for it's 50th anniversary as well or…  
2274 *me during college using quizlet to do homework and tests*“It’s not personal… it’s strictly business.” 
2275 oi amigos cinéfilos, agora posso sentar na mesa de vocês no recreio? 
2276 ainda pensando pq não assisti esse filme antes, talvez por medo da duração que é realmente longa, mas valeu MUITO!!!! Passou voando e ainda te prende bastante. Nem preciso dizer muito sobre pq todos ja sabem que esse filme é exemplar de bom, TODOS devem assistir ele pelo menos uma vez na vida.Mas confesso que quase 3h de duração desanima um pouco, mas quando você começa você fica super entretido!!! MA-RA-VI-LHO-SO 
2277 Gave this and a bunch of other classics half a star when I joined the platform because I thought it was very funny. (I still do but I’m getting better.) 
2278 the time i spent watching this i could’ve spent rewatching pearl (2022) twice 
2279  What can I say about this movie that hasn’t been said already. When I originally watched it I was younger and was more into Jason Bourne style action movies and the only mob movie I had seen was the departed. While I acknowledged that The Godfather was good I didn’t really like it at first. After maturing some and also watching The Offer on Paramount+ I have developed a special appreciation for this movie. It truly is a masterclass of…  
2280  86Second viewing, up from 80. It's simply a mesmerising film, with its beautiful visuals, its multiple great suspense scenes and an all-time great cast. Three hours absolutely fly by – I rarely watch movies of that length in one go, without even a five-minute break, but watching this without a single pause was not in the slightest laborious. Another thing that fascinates me so insanely much about this movie: you know when you revisit a film, and while watching…  
2281 What does it say about me that this is one of my favorite comfort movies? 😂 
2282 Robert Duvall has full hair here, I have just found a new ringtone for my phone, as also as, a new person to impersonate. Salute to that! 
2283  Now where do I begin😳 I have been wanting to watch this film for a very long time. I am glad I did.THE GODFATHER is quite simply a masterful piece of film-making, an epic in the truest sense of the word and by far the finest gangster film ever shot. Made with finesse, style to spare and a director who elicits pitch-perfect performances from a talented cast, this is movie-making as it should be. Just the stories behind makingThe…  
2284 Hard to find a better paced movie that's this long. Intricate rituals and grudges weaved together with moments of sudden violence. There's formality to it all, meeting a Don is akin to meeting the Pope. When there's a hit to be carried out, the seating chart is already arranged. Within the formality, the members themselves are casual. Killing is just another errand. It's this composure amidst death that makes Michael's ascent feel preordained. He's clever and calm when the threat is looming, baptized in the blood he spilt. 
2285  Finally watched this 50 year old film considered one of the greatest ever. It was a pretty entertaining watch with a lot of highlight reel moments, including shocking Mundi face deaths, the restaurant showdown, Sonny beating up bitchass Carlo, and that whole baptism ordeal at the end. What was most intriguing was the moral devolution of Michael Corleone, cinema's It Girl, as he got more involved in the dangerous business of his dancing queen father, Don Vito Corleone. Wonder if…  
2286 Best mafia movie of all time 
2287  I hate to make this boring, but this movie is so damn good.When I hit play on this film, and everything went completely pitch black, and the musical score started to fill the room, something about it was special. It grabbed my attention in a way that is rare for a film to do. And by the end of the opening shot I was completely hooked. I was lucky enough to see this in a really solid home theater…  
2288  So many memorable sequences & performances. Al Pacino being at his finest always helps. His seamless transition from a war hero to a mob boss can’t be overstated. Marlon Brando & James Caan were also so impressive. Brando brought gravitas to his character while Caan brought impatience & fury. A marvellous mix. I pray they continue to rest in peace.The Godfather was so rich & striking visually man. Some of the best cinematography I have ever seen. I need to see this on…  
2289 Not looking forward to these commentaries making me rewatch the original version of 3 again. 
2290 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   A classic, and for good reason. It’s a masterfully directed story of a man rising to power, and struggling between continuing his family legacy or living a life of his own. The authenticity of the family bond really makes this conflict work so well. I love the ending shot, and how we see how the door closing on any chance of escape for Michael. It helps cement this story as a tragedy for me. The cinematography and score are beautiful…   
2291 al pacino hot al pacino sexy al pacino cool al pacino loved al pacino talented al pacino handsome al pacino awesome al pacino slay queen al pacino cunt al pacino babycakes al pacino god al pacino king al pacino gorgeous al pacino amazing al pacino showstopping al pacino big dick al pacino wonderful al pacino fantastic al pacino babe al pacino beautiful al pacino great 
2292 leave the gun. take the cannoli. 
2293 In glorious 4k 
2294 watched with will hopson 😭 
2295 Finally seeing perfection projected onto a theater screen may be the single greatest cinematic pleasure this life could grant me. Favorite scene on this viewing, in this format, was the intimate, vulnerable moment of grandfatherly love as Vito played with his grandson in the tomato garden.50 years and still the GOAT. 
2296 cannoli 
2297 my dad got so excited at the mention of the word "greek" i wonder what watching this film would've been like if we were italian 
2298 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I was pretty late to the party, having seen this all time classic for the very first time just last November. Revisiting it now at a nearly sold out cinema in the crispy clean new 4k restauration made me appreciate it even more. Almost every scene was still very present to me and so I startet to catch things that I did not understand at all on my initial viewing. For example, the attempted assassination of the godfather by the…   
2299  Die dritte Sichtung jetzt im Kino, zwar leider auf deutsch, trotzdem ein perfekter Film. Es würde natürlich bereits etliches zu diesem Film gesagt, dennoch muss ich noch einmal betonen wie unfassbar tight das Skript ist. Der Pate geht 175 Minuten und im direkten Vergleich zu The Batman mit 176 Minuten, den ich am Tag davor im Kino gesehen habe, fällt die Lauflänge überhaupt nicht auf. Jede Szene hat ihren Platz im Gesamtgefüge und jede Szene funktioniert auch für sich. Ich…  
2300 "I'll make him an offer he can't refuse."Even better the second time 'round. Can't wait for the sequel in cinemas this Sunday. 
2301 Officially seen The Godfather on the big screen ✅  Truly a surreal experience and what a treat. Happy 50th anniversary to one of the greatest films ever made! 
2302 One of the best cinema experiences I've had was watching The Godfather in 4k. Despite watching this less than a year ago, this rewatch was just as good. It really is the perfect family drama, with every scene being iconic.Also, I still stand by what I say about Al Pacino being robbed by not being nominated for best leading actor instead of supporting. 
2303 The Bob’s Burgers Movie trailer played before this and I can certainly say it’s been a hell of a half century. 
2304 Didn't include iron man or spider man 
2305 michael corleone my soft tiny short king precious baby u could literally never do anything wrong i’m putting u in my pocket and keeping u safe forever and ever 
2306  52 Years in 52 Weeks (2022 Edition)Year: 1972Progress: 5/52"Don't tell me you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence and makes me very angry."I wasn't sure when I would finally watch The Godfather. Maybe after reading Mario Puzo's novel or when I was in the right mindset, but watching a highly heralded and beloved classic is always intimidating. Upon learning of The Godfather screening in 4K at my local cinema, I knew it was an offer I…  
2307 Genuinely not sure if a movie has ever, ever made me feel like this. Watching this for the first time (I know I know) in the theater was such an incredible experience, I couldn’t have asked for more. Already counting down the minutes until I can watch it again(watching everything in my watchlist until it’s empty pt. 63) 
2308 Perfect movie is perfect. (And the 4K restoration on the big screen is 😙👌) 
2309 My whole theatre clapped in unison after the directed by Francis Ford Coppola card dropped. I literally got into tears. Im eternally grateful for the existence of this masterpiece which changed my life in 6th fucking grade and made me love movies. 
2310 just perfect, as always 
2311 This has long been an embarrassing blind spot for me–I've been able to get by with knowing the gist of the story and the famous scenes, but none of that could replicate seeing this masterpiece. Fortunately, I was able to catch a 50th anniversary screening tonight in a Dolby theater, rendering a stunning air to this work. There's not much I can really say other than: (1) I'm still struck by the impact and genius of the baptism scene, and (2) Robert Duvall is the star of this, to me. 
2312 seeing this on the big screen was life changing actually 
2313 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   michael corleone, everyone *crowd erupts into cheers*vito kinda served cunt then died like not only did he look camp straight in the eye (he got shot a billion times and stood back up like he was 50 cent or sumn) but he shook hands with it and then KILLED it and then took the throne like WOAHHH buddy!! total massacre! and speaking of massacre rip sonny fr like when that dude in the booth closed his door i started…   
2314 Can young Al Pacino be my dadd-  godfather too? 
2315 happy to announce that since my last review, my attention span has improved! so much better than i remember, truly does not deserve less than 5 stars! the baptism scene holy shit!!!!!! 
2316 I’ve read the book and now I’ve finally watched it. Gotta say, I really wasn’t expecting for it to not only stay true to the book but also keep my focus the whole time. The soundtrack was really good as well! 
2317 Like the Bible but for New York Italian Americans 
2318 pumped to rewatch shark tale and better understand the referencesnah but this was a great time. it looked and sounded and felt exactly how i always expected it would, which was so satisfying. for me personally it wasn't my favorite coppola movie but that's not to say it wasn't excellent, or that it won't grow on me when i revisit it, as i'm sure it will alfredo james pacino 😭😭😭🤌🏻🤌🏻🤌🏻 he's so ridiculously good, he's got those crazy eyes that show every emotion when he acts. i'm obsessed, as always! and i feel italian american in this chili's tonight 
2319 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Not what he had in mind when they said he'd be waking up to head.Marlon Brando's Don Vito Corleone with his subtle, threatening voice is the coolest damn character in cinema. I came to this conclusion within 10 seconds of him being introduced.92/100  
2320  The Corleone family is not as strong anymore. Marlon Brando plays Vito Corleone, a powerful mafia boss and he's iconic, quietly volcanic in the role. Everything seems unstable. The oldest son Fredo is a soft dumbbell, he can't rule this mafia family. The late Cazale is wonderfully dopey. Then there's Sonny, a hothead, fly off the handle, street tough guy, Caan is a flamethrower in the role. Finally there's Michael, a soft spoken ex soldier who comes home to take…  
2321  וואלה, צפיתי בסרט ב31.10, אבל הייתי צריך קצת זמן בכדי לכתוב ביקורת שמתאימה לאירוע שכזה.אחרי יותר משנה שאני דוחה את הצפייה בסרט הזה ראיתי אותו סוף סוף כי נטפליקס לחצו עליי, היה לי כיף ברמה אחרת. הז׳אנר האהוב עליי שעשוי בצורה הכי טובה שיכולה להיות, איטי, חסר רחמים, וסיפור מבריק. אני שמח שדחיתי את הצפייה לעכשיו כי אני יודע שאם הייתי רואה אותו לפני שנה כשהידע שלי בקולנוע לא היה משהו הייתי מתאכזב מהסרט, מרוב הציפיות שלי אליו אני…  
2322 Wow, who would have guessed that the weeknd is such a great actor... 
2323 That baptism scene though 😍[EDIT] I watched it again in cinemas in Feb. and I gotta say it was the best experience I had. 5/5. 
2324 so i rewatched it, its even better than i remembered, i understood it alot better it wasnt boring at all this one of the few movies that in my opinion are worthy of the title best movie ever made. 
2325 tbh.. yas 
2326  Hello Carlo.After seeing this at home about a dozen times over decades, I just caught a 50th Anniversary screening at a local theater. Wow. It was like meeting your grandfather in person after only speaking to him on the phone your whole life. First, there are the visual details I never noticed- like John Marley spitting out food when he yells at Robert Duvall. Then there's the brightness of the scenes in Italy, and the downright spookiness of the…  
2327 *Movie does literally anythingMe: "AAAAAAAAARRRRH MASTERPIECE" 
2328 A few weeks ago I responded to a Twitter prompt that asked what my most basic film opinion was and immediately responded with “it doesn’t get any better than The Godfather” and now after watching it for the first time in a a very long time—and first time on 4k—I can say that I 100% stand behind that. The absolute greatest. Discord Movie Club #22810 
2329 “if you like kiss your fingers style italian bullshit, this is your jam” 
2330 no puedo creer que una película de 3hs se me haya pasado tan rápido con lo que me cuesta concentrarme, eso ya dice todo 
2331 whew sonny and michael corleone. need to go to new york now and find myself a mafia bf immediately 
2332 Without a single doubt, one of the greatest movies of all time There isn't a single false note here Pure movie perfection and a career defining performance by Marlon Brando 
2333 al pacino... ICIMDEKI BU HASRETİN... FAYDASIZ... KENETLENMISSIN KALBIME... ILMEK ILMEK... ISLENMIS GIBISIN... HASRETINLE... YUREGIME... NEREYE BOYLE... BILEYIM SOYLE... 
2334 if you think this movie is boring you’re boring. 
2335  I want to start off by saying thanks to everyone who voted in my brother’s list for his 500th film. We had a lot of fun looking through the movies and, originally, we were going to choose amongst a bunch of the highest, but The Godfather stood like 3 votes above everything else, so we decided that it wouldn’t make sense to watch anything else. A gripping, ambitious, and emotionally complex experience that is as epic as it is personal,…  
2336 why do I feel more chemistry between Enzo the baker and Michael in their 2 minute long scene than Michael and either of his wives?? much to think about... 💭 
2337 "You found Paradise in America"the boy who didn't want to get mixed up with the family business went on to carry out the ultimate hit against the five families. The American dream was always a nightmare. 
2338 La perfezione nella sua vera forma.Can’t wait to visit Sicily one day. 
2339 Watched this on tv while eating spaghetti 
2340 Is it true Michael?No.The coldest scene in cinema 
2341 Una gran película en toda la regla, se toma el tiempo de desarrollar a personajes interesantes, una dirección sutil y bien encaminada en un guión conciso con grandes momentos 
2342 It’s hard to find any flaws here. An incredible cinematic story-telling with some of the best casting ever. 
2343 This is one of them films where your fully ready to call it overrated and then it blows your away and although it’s a obvious film fan choice I can’t ignore the massive impact this film has had on pop culture and the film industry 
2344 I’ll make him an offer he can’t refuse What is your favorite movie of all time ?What is the best movie in history ? A lot of ppl find those two questions hard and difficult for them and i was one of them until i saw this masterpiece . Some time when someone ask me why do you love THE GODFATHER i literally can’t find the right words to describe how magnificent and perfect this movie is. Like I'm now trying ridiculously to write a review about it 
2345 It's incredibly difficult to put into words how you feel about a film that is just a pure masterclass in everything: screenplay, editing, performances, cinematography, locations, music. I just can't fault a piece of art like this. 
2346  "A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man" What do people think of when they hear about The Godfather film? Do they think of it as one of the greatest films ever made? Do they think of it as a mafia film? Do they think of it as a form of art? Or do they just simply think of it as another old film with a great legacy? Regardless of how you may…  
2347 I'm almost embarassed to leave the Proud position as the Godfather of the never seen Godfather Family but yeah- it was good. I pass my position to Eli and become the Consigliere of the have seen Godfather Family. 
2348 it's the godfather, what do you want me to say 
2349 Can we all agree that Francis Ford Coppola invented the meaning of masterpiece when he directed this film?added to: 2020 ranked 
2350 no momento que o clemenza e o tessio vão até o michael pedindo para criarem a família deles, o meu irmão virou pra mim e perguntou "eles são gays?". eu não soube respondê-lo. 
2351  Extraordinary!!, With an epic soundtrack, characters, plot, casting, and direction this film has to be considered the best of all time. While this is one of Francis Ford Coppola's many masterpieces, this film is different from the others. By telling Corleone's story from within the family and the mafia, viewers easily identify and care about the character. The cinematography is also excellent, and some of the shots and scenes from this film can be considered the best of any film…  
2352 i want young al pacino to make me an offer i can’t refuse😉😌 
2353 thank god my "certified cinephile" card not getting cancelled by letterboxd and filmbros for not enjoying the entire 163 minutes of al pacino being hot. 
2354 It’s my Fathers birthday today and this is his favorite movie 🎉🎉🎁🎁🎁🎁🎉🎁🎉🎁🎁🎁🎁🎉🎁🎁🎉🎁🎉🎉Happy Birthday DD♥️🔙Jurassic park🔜🤷‍♀️ 
2355 "A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man."oh sweet baby Jesus. what an iconic film. a masterpiece I tell you!Best Picture Ranking - (6/95) 
2356 yo? militante de la mafia italiana hermanas, fideos con tuco, polleritas largas, amore, famiglia, andiamo, molto bene, la mattina!! todo eso y más para verte feliz Al Pacino 
2357 Catholics when they do the sign of the cross: in the name of the father and of the son and of the holy spirit...me: in the name of the godfather and of the gun and of the holy cannoli... 
2358 i almost fell asleep during this but keep in mind it’s seven am 
2359 One of those mythical perfect movies that gets mentioned, parodied, and referenced about everywhere you look, The Godfather is a fairly intimidating work of art, given it’s reputation. And for me, it just about hits the mark. While I was never 100% engaged in the story, the sheer ambition on display is so impressive, and there are some scenes that I will walk away from this movie remembering.Overall, a pretty great classic. 
2360 francis ford coppola snapped 
2361 The best book adaptation ever made, hands down. 
2362  A PERFECTLY CRAFTED FILMSeriously one of the greatest films ever made, every aspect of this film is fantastic and masterfully crafted. The score and themes are beautifully composed. And it elevates every scene to a whole new level. This also gives the film a personality, it’s some great work from Nina Rota.The script by Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo is perfect. The whole story of this family is just perfectly executed with some fantastic dialogue. There are…  
2363 pure excellence 
2364 “Do you renounce Satan?””I do renounce him.” 
2365 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  dios sonny hermano mira como te dejaron con esos agujeros te puedo usar para colar los ravioles  
2366  This is one of those 5 star ratings that's just easy to hand out, I already knew I would love it from the opening scene alone, Brando has a screen presence that demands your attention even in the quiet moments. Examining the mob world through the lens of cunning competency and strategy, it's so compelling to see how the Corleone family remains intact in the face of real-world history and the rise of the drug trade. Truly fitting the term…  
2367 I don't know what this means, but Vito Corleone reminds me of my grandfather. He's not a mobster or even Italian but just the way he carries himself and how much he cares about his family. I guess I gotta take some canolies. 
2368 The Goodfather. I love Coppola’s complete immersion and commitment to the culture. It feels as right as anything ever has. The brooding music just sends chills or invokes feeling. It always does exactly what it needs to. When The Godfather is at its best, it’s as good as movies ever get. For something so long, I prefer very focused character study (see Scorsese), but would also have to be mad to create faults that aren’t there. It’s so fundamental, it demands respect. 
2369 it's about the complete moral corruption of every single one of them (excluding kay) yet you still hate carlo the most and want to see him ripped limb from limb 
2370 Dunkacino 
2371 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  who can forget the iconic line “Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday” can you imagine getting ghosted by your serious boyfriend for like 2 years because he killed a cop and fled to Italy and got MARRIED and then his wife exploded so actually he’s back out of the blue to say “hey”  
2372 I know I should write a detailed review, because this is considered one of the greatest film ever but hear me out ... al pacino lowkey hot in this movie  
2373 okay middle school me was very wrong about this movie. don’t get in the car apollonia :/ 
2374 it was very good i will not be taking questions at this time 
2375 god father 
2376 I think I'm about to reach a mafia movie overload. 
2377 A tale of corruption, in and out of the family, and one that questions the morality of man, and the lengths they’ll go to protect the ones they love. Even the slightest remarks can get you killed in this business. Still, in my eyes, nowhere near the greatest film ever made, but certainly a masterful work of cinema and truly something special. The Baptism murders sequence is something else…In Sicily, women are more dangerous than shotguns.  
2378  🏆98%The Godfather has always been hailed as a masterpiece and a classic so I had very high expectations going into this. I was not disappointed.The Godfather is one of the most well crafted and one of the best films I have seen and is easily in my top 30 of all time. Francis Ford Coppola crafts a great script. All the characters are very likeable and they are all fleshed out to their fullest. Every performance is great…  
2379 Escena mítica tras escena mítica. Algunas las conocía de antes de ver la peli, otras no; y aún conociéndolas, me han impresionado e impactado a partes iguales. Menuda maravilla el montaje en la secuencia del bautizo y qué impresionantes están Marlon Brando y Al Pacino. En breves seguiré con la secuela. 
2380  "I like Mafia movies."- me, one day ago, after watching GoodfellasSo... some months ago one of my friends with many similar film opinions watched this movie for the first time & really disliked it (his review). But before watching this I never, absolutely never thought that he's actually right. But since I agree with everything that he says in his review I don't really think writing a new one is necessary. I know that I'll probably lose a lot…  
2381 gangster movies are so fucking cool, i mean i had a few problems w the movie but i can get over most of them due to the time of the release one street fight looked really fake with the punches and kicks. but i guess other than that it had great performances, story, cinematography, action, music. i wouldn’t say it’s the greatest movie of all time but it holds up a lot obviously. 
2382 Eh, it was good. 
2383  I cooked pasta for dinner then had some limoncello I just brought back from Italy in order to make this a bang-up Godfather viewing cherry-poppin’ experience. The Sicilian scenes put a stupid smile on my face. Italian-speaking Pacino in that hat, yes yes. In all hats for that matter! All Pacino scenes. All scenes! Loved this movie.Spoiler below: And I just gotta say- I went in knowing absolutely nothing, and the most moving and significant part of the journey…  
2384 ok u know what..... she slaps she really do! but a good 15 minutes prob could have been cut tbh! 
2385 You could point to any picture of young Pacino and tell me he was part of the Beatles and I would be powerless to deny you 
2386 scavenger hunt 34 | task 22The movie on your watchlist with the highest average ratingI had so many rude comments made to me during my four years at uni saying that I wasn't a "real" film student because I had never seen this. I just hadn't gotten around to it and didn't think I'd appreciate it as I'm not a huge fan of gangster / action movies; however I'm pleasantly surprised that I did enjoy it after waiting 24 years of my life, though I do wish it was shorter. 
2387 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  michael corleone lost his dad, his brother, his wife and his soul all in one movie😢rip  
2388 Do you think Francis feels awkward about the fact that his daughter makes better films than him 
2389 The Actual Best™ Family Film. I try and watch this every Thanksgiving, a masterful start to one of my favorite trilogies. 
2390  Watched THE GODFATHER (1972) by Francis Ford Coppola, on the big screen at a real movie theatre for the first time. Thanks to Folkets Bio/The People's Cinema in Umeå, Sweden.Three hours went by very quickly and it never felt too long.The cinematography was incredibly BEAUTIFUL at the big screen.Marlon Brando and Al Pacino are of course excellent, but so are Robert Duvall, in my opinion. This time I also noticed Sterling Hayden and Ricardo Conte more, compared…  
2391 this deserves all the hype tbh 
2392 Took a close friend of mine to see this for her first time tonight at the local indie theater (she'd seen most of it in pieces, but never start to end). An all time favorite for myself and this is the third time I've seen it in a theater setting. It never ceases to hold my attention and I always get something new from each viewing. A Classic. A Legend. A Masterpiece. All appropriate titles but none necessarily captures the essence. This film is lighting in a bottle, sealed and ready for consumption.I love it. 
2393  I often find it difficult to make myself sit down and watch these ultra-popular, universally-acclaimed masterpieces that I haven't seen before, probably because of the impossibly high expectations. So, for my 1,000th feature film, I decided I had to watch the one film that has been on my watchlist the longest.The world of the Corleone family feels extremely authentic thanks to the combination of excellent performances, direction, writing, score and everything else that went into the production. I think…  
2394 These people should be committed to some kind of institution, separated from society where they can't hurt anyone, because they are obviously deranged and dangerous. 
2395  i told my dad "i'm really sorry, but i didn't really like the godfather" expecting to have a serious and mature discussion about our opinions but instead he just responded with "i'm really sorry that you have such poor taste" and i think that's the problem with these classic films.i'm very sorry but i just don't believe that i'm the only person on this website that doesn't like this film. like...i can see it's merits and i can see…  
2396 Got my younger sister into this movie finally. YAY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
2397 I don't care what anyone says, this movie is good. 
2398 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather is a flawless coordination and execution of all the elements of film. It is a mastery of form in the most artistic sense. There.I'm Italian. Italians go bananas over The Godfather because it is the ultimate authentic depiction of Italian American culture. Every corner of this film has a detail that rings true. Just in their social interactions: the face touching, argumentativeness, casual drinking routines, even the way everyone plays cards anytime they have a second, all…   
2399 Vibrant yet subtle, violent yet peaceful, Coppola's The Godfather is unsurpassable - a defining moment in film. 
2400  Rewatched at home and liked it a lot more this time. Which is odd, because before this my last rewatch was at a movie theater when I surprisingly didn't enjoy that much. Now I think this is a near-perfect portrait of a criminal family - their personal lives, family rituals, and war againt rivals. Great balance between little details and some great moments (even the death of minor characters are memorable). But it's also problematic when it deals with the…  
2401 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather Review"I'm gonna make him an offer he won't refuse." - Don CorleoneThis film is nothing short of a masterpiece that will live on forever in the hearts of cinema lovers everywhere and anyone who denies this needs to have their brain tested. It contains a pitch perfect direction, with an ever lasting screenplay, filled with sharp tongued dialogue, classic memorable scenes, beautifully dark cinematography, exceptional melodramatic music, and stellar performances that drive the film so hard…   
2402 if i married al pacino but then i got exploded in my car i would forgive him 
2403 It has been quite some time since my last watch of The Godfather and what can I even say? Even after my 5th watch I'm still just as amazed as I was the very first time I watched it. It geniuenly deserves every last bit of the love, praise and appreciation it gets. It simply is one of the most tremendous and astonishing achievements in the history of cinema. Can't wait to revisit part 2 
2404 i loved the part when michael said “now i am become godfather, destroyer of families” 
2405 the baptism scene...the music, the sequence, pacino's performance. oh, cinema reached a new peak, fr. happy 52 years of the godfather for those who celebrate. 🤍 
2406  To the people who say that Bheeshma Parvam was a copy of The Godfather, kind of a vague comparison isn't it?After watching many crime dramas about Italian organized crime families and playing games like Mafia 1, It's an amazing experience to watch for the first time the movie that inspired them all. A milestone in the gangster genre and one that is so influential that even a member from the infamous Gambino crime family was apparently overcome with joy.…  
2407  goddamn! i feel like i’ve just watched this for the first time. again, the same situation with goodfellas, i gave this four stars when i first watched it because i thought it was boring but beautifully shot. i was so fucking ignorant! the character of michael is absolutely stunning! pacino is a master of his craft in this, no wonder this was the main film that made him blow up into stardom. caan is also incredible, he has to be…  
2408 I had to rewatch before I see the sequel, I’d forgotten what made this movie so great which is, basically everything. I, like everyone else, could write a big long essay on The Godfather, its influence and every aspect of its creation, but I don’t have anything new to say so I won’t bother. Every single aspect of this movie is incredible, the story is an incredible thrill, the characters are phenomenal, just everything about the movie is perfect. An essential watch for sure, one of the greatest films of all time, may be the movie with the highest quality. 
2409  Finally got around to watching this and it's soooo long but it is so worth it. I mean it's THE GODFATHER it's perfect I mean there's scenes in here I could go on and on about it truly is a masterpiece of a film! Especially that scene between Michael and Apollonia when she wears the necklace like come on🤭 But the real reason why this film is so amazing is down to AL PACINO he's so so so hot and…  
2410  The best mob film I’ve seen so far!The Godfather is not one of the GREATEST films of all time. At least in my opinion. But, it’s a damn good one! The film shows the fascinating mob life, through family, betrayal, friendship, and murder. Through all of it, I was able to find what makes this film great.For me, I personally enjoyed getting to see the iconic bits for the first time, such as the horse’s head and Vito’s…  
2411  My thoughts on The Godfather (Rewatch)…The story is the definition of immaculate and immersive when it comes to mob drama’s, each sequence utilised to its furthest extent to apply significance to either the story or character development. The godfather’s story manages to capture each emotion fantastically whether it’s a tense dispute/ discussion or whether it be a family gathering filled with enjoyment and affection which assists in fleshing out the majority of characters, especially Michael Corleone. I adored the…  
2412 Najbolji deo je kada Vito kaže Osećam se kao ~Kum~, i riba si i drug, I sestra si i brat, kupiću ti dijamant, 'Aj  sad još jedan krug da provozamo ga, Uz muziku i džu, bebo, samo ti i ja (Za tobom ja sam lud). Nisam imô para, al' sam bio faca, Top si mi od starta, uvek impozantna, Za mene reć'e ološ, jer sam kao Soroš, Ti se javi mami - na prelazu smo Horgoš. 
2413  Tonight my wife Robin said "It's still pretty early. You wanna watch THE GODFATHER? I've never seen it." "It's happening…" I thought. I'm not even an obsessive fan of the film. I mean, one cannot argue with its iconography, and even that term is too small for what this movie has become. I think I actually prefer the sequel, or at least I think that until I'm watching this and am reminded of how seamlessly this is all woven together.…  
2414 I’m so BORED 
2415  watching at 26 in an eternal pandemic as cinema (both industrially and creatively) hobbles, and this was simultaneously an untouchable tome and, for the first time, a studio picture by some 31 year old guy. it might be the cynicism, it might be the whole learning more as i get older thing, but rewatching THE GODFATHER in spaced out junctures of my life has proven that it's evolving and aging with me more dramatically than any other piece of art.…  
2416 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   It's been 50 years since its release, and I think this is the most referenced movie I've ever seen. Even without thinking about the references, the iconic moments of this film stand solidly on their feet, such was its impact in 1972 that today no one can hear the phrases "an offer you won't be able to refuse", "look how they butchered my boy" or even hear a mention of the Sicilian mafia without thinking of this film. So will…   
2417  Me bastaron menos de 15 minutos para asimilar la razón por la que esta película es perfecta. Antes de ese minuto de metraje, llega la escena donde Luca Brasi va de arrastrado a darle las gracias a Don Vito de que lo haya invitado a la boda de su hija. Se menciona que Brasi es 'de armas tomar', pero en esa escena, no es mas que un tarado nervioso completamente intimidado por el padrino. Sus nervios son tales, que antes de…  
2418 בכל פעם שאני צופה בסרט הזה שוב אני רק מגלה עליו יותר פרטים ואוהב אותו יותר.הבימוי פה באמת גאוני בכל הקשור לפרטים קטנים והניגודיות בין דמותו של מייקל בתחילת הסרט וסוף הסרט והדרך בה הוא משתנה היא באמת מופתית.סרט מושלם. 
2419 very close to be called as one of the greatest movie of all time, this movie still slaps me the hardest. this movie is like reading a love story which we thought should never ever end. 
2420 Rest In Peace James Caan. 
2421 Look how they massacred my boy...RIP James Caan - one of the greatsEnd of tweet 
2422  "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."This is not a joke, I have not seen The Godfather until now. Mainly because I've been so intimidated by it, and that intimidation reared its ugly head again when I struggled for 10 minutes to pick a quote for this review. Ok onto the movie, what did I think, well no fucking shit, I loved it! I think there's no better place to start than with the film's best aspect,…  
2423  Big Don Barzini energy. Coppola’s world building here rivals that of even the great Joss Whedon. He’s almost as good with actors as Zack Snyder too. All kidding aside, this film is so deeply, intractably entrenched in pop culture, it can tend to become an exercise in checking off reference boxes when one watches it. Each character and scene deservedly ensconced and deified. A film with moments so iconic and well known, it almost feels as if the very notion…  
2424 50th Anniversary Trilogy 4K Ultra HD Version. Oh boy does it look beautiful. The introduction from Coppola deserves 5 stars on its own. There are some films that will stand the test of time no matter how old they become.This is one of those films. 
2425 When Tom Hagen sheds a single tear for his adoptive father that he believes to be dead, is the moment I realized how interconnected each character is in this film. Brilliant cinema in every way! I was so happy that Julia invited me to see this in the theaters with her! 
2426 My god, seeing this in a theatre (still kinda surreal that I just did) enhanced my appreciation of this even more.It's an insane epic and truly one of the all time greats, deserving every ounce of its awesome reputation.Also, seeing The Batman tomorrow and most likely doing a Kingsman marathon while drunk with a friend on Saturday. 
2427  “I believe in America” I mean what do you want me to say? It’s the godfather! There’s a lot of films where people say “everything’s already been said” but I think that only really applies to the godfather because every single thing has literally been said. Well maybe not every single thing, perhaps I could say mayonnaise dog and that’s a review of this film that hasn’t been done before. Either way, it’s a technically perfect film. From the score…  
2428 Idk what to write lmao forget it I just don’t like this film 
2429 michael corleone kinda like baby keem 
2430 CERTIFIED GODFATHER LOVER SINCE 2 YEARS 
2431 Es una obra maestra, poco más puedo decir que no se haya dicho ya.Todos hablan de la enorme actuación de Marlon Brando (merecido obviamente), pero en mi opinión, Al Pacino es el mejor personaje de la película.Cuando ha acabado, ni me había dado cuenta de lo rápido que habían pasado las 3 horas, de las que no sobran ni 5 minutos. No me he aburrido en ningún momento. "I will make you an offer that you cannot refuse..." 
2432 Huh, every other person on the planet wasn’t wrong when they said this was a masterpiece. Wild. 
2433 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "Leave the gun, take the cannoli."A simple, hilarious, highly memorable, and easily missed line delivered by Richard Castellano's all around goodfella and chef, Clemenza. For the sake of not regurgitating what every other viewer of this undisputed classic and top 1% film of all time, I figured I'd just wax a little on two brief moments that stood out to be on this umpteenth rewatch. Sure, it could merely be jolly Clemenza's wish to insure his wife's demands and…   
2434  What can you say about the Godfather that hasn't already been said? I love it. It's an absolute favorite, a true cinematic masterpiece that changed the game as a whole. The narrative is smooth and brutal and clean, and it is still incredibly modern, with the beautifully sinister Gordon Willis cinematography, which captures the action is all its golden darkness. Al Pacino is in top form, as is James Caan, Robert Duvall, Marlon Brando, and John Cazale; the entire cast…  
2435 Recommended by @LinelYes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes 
2436 i finally fucking saw it i can rest now. my life will know peace. i will never get another “you’ve never seen the godfather????” ever again. god bless. 
2437 The best three hours I’ve ever spent in my life. This absolutely deserves its legendary status. I’m glad that I saw it at this point of my life because I think that younger me wouldn’t have appreciated it. As for present me, I now want to inject gangster movies into my veins.Scav Hunt #58 | 15/31 | Task #11: Watch a movie composed by, directed by or featuring someone in or who has ever been married into the Coppola family 
2438 ha! nice try, coppola. you will NEVER make a movie as good as catherine hardwicke's twilight. never! 
2439  Film #22 of my February 2016 Scavenger HuntTask #16: A hugely influential trilogy with all 3 gaining Oscar nominations and wins (#1)letterboxd.com/martinjacob49/list/the-movie-kings-february-2016-scavenger-hunt/I think I've found it; The Godfather, the greatest movie of all-time. Everything about is filmmaking at its highest peak. Top-notch direction, stunning cinematography, phenomenal music, the best cast ever in a movie (with James Caan, Al Pacino, Abe Vigoda, Robert Duvall, and of course, Marlon Brando), and tells the most complex story involving gangsters ever,…  
2440  Film #20 of Driver’s December Project Dos: ‘This is the End, Beautiful Friend'"My father is no different than any powerful man, any man with power, like a president or senator." - Michael CorleoneHow does one rationally explain that they don't fully appreciate the 'divine' majesty of Francis Ford Coppola's cinematic yardstick that many millions undoubtedly call the 'greatest film ever made'? The answer? One can't. I don't think that there's anything particularly 'wrong' with it per se, but…  
2441  Well, it's been a long time coming, but I've finally watched the masterpiece hailed as the greatest film ever made. Yeah. I dig that statement. It could be just that.Since this is a very much belated first watch, though, there's still plenty under the surface I haven't uncovered. Whilst astounded by The Godfather being both a simultaneously sprawling, wide epic and a focused character study, I somehow couldn't find myself getting completely into it. But I'm sure on a…  
2442 So. Iconic. So. Perfect. I sat my little brother down and explained the entire fucking plot to him, poor boy. So insanely quotable… quite possibly the greatest film ever made? Not my favourite but fuck it deserves that’s title 
2443 Sonny’s out here punching people with the Force 
2444 One of the greatest movies ever made the other two were good this one is better al PacinoAs Micheal Corleone and Talia shire as his sister and the late James caan as his older brother sonny what a cinematic masterpiece. 
2445  "Only don't tell me that you're innocent. Because it insults my intelligence ... and it makes me very angry."Watching 'The Godfather' again has been quite an emotional ride. It's amazing how this movie keeps surprising me every time I see it. The storytelling and characters are so rich that with each viewing, I feel more connected to them. The term 'masterpiece' perfectly fits this film. It's like your favorite song that always hits you right in the feels, no…  
2446 Christmas Day. Our visiting family left around 4 p.m. I closed the curtains, took an edible, and ate eggplant parmigiana while watching The Godfather. Drinking cold limoncello with Apollonia. Lazing. Petting a cat. Loving life.merry xmas. salud. 
2447 The wedding sequence is perfect cinema 
2448 Finally I managed to watch this. And it was everything, everyone always promised me it would be.My Untouchables 
2449  Today I fully completed The Godfather game. When you finish it, they give you the title, 'Don of New York City'. I will now only be answering to that name. The game really got me wanting to watch this again, specifically the first one as a big part of it is the five families of New York (an element that its sequels woefully forgot about). I used to think that The Godfather was probably the best mob movie out there,…  
2450 "Don't ask me about my business, Kay."I finally convinced my best friend to watch my favorite movie in the whole world with me & it’s no surprise that she loved it. I’m slowly turning her into a cinephile one italian mobster movie at a time. stay tuned for when we watch part two together next friday <3!with marianna, ranked 
2451 my little meow meows 
2452  Over the course of damn near three hours, The Godfather does a very strange thing; it makes you feel sympathetic to the plight of men whose stock and trade is corruption and murder.One of the ways this is done is by not showing any victims of the Corleone family. We aren't privy to anyone drinking their lives away off of their booze or anything like that. From the film's perspective all the victims get what's coming to them; either…  
2453  This a goddamn masterpiece.First time watching this piece of art. I tried watching it two years, but I didn't understand it and I wasn't all that interested in it.Two years later, my love for cinema has grown and I matured as a movie enjoyer.Here I am, amazed. An absolute masterclass in film. An absolute masterclass in story, writing, acting, film score, and every other aspect of a film. The tension this film created was extraordinary through the…  
2454 O Poderoso Chefão é como uma deliciosa receita de família italiana: cheio de tempero, drama e tiros! Nós ficamos cativados pela atuação de Marlon Brando, mas cuidado, você pode acabar com uma oferta que não pode recusar!100/100*Gosto sempre de ver próximo ao dia dos pais.**Vou deixar a curiosidade aqui que esse é um dos filmes que eu mais assisti na vida. 
2455 I swear I've been planning on rewatching this and not just because it was referenced in 'Barbie'. 
2456 I believe in America. America has made my fortune. And I raised my daughter in the American fashion. I gave her freedom but I taught her never to dishonor her family... 
2457 there comes a time every couple of years or so when it itches me to revisit this movie; every time I do rewatch, I'm blown away by what a masterpiece it is. some movies stay with you throughout your life, and this one forever has a spot in mine. ik there’s this debate whether this or the 2nd movie is better - for me this is always going to be THE Godfather movie. essential cinema! 
2458 Криминальное величие.Очень долго обходила стороной "Крёстного отца", но после очередного плохого фильма, поняла, что пора бы уже притронуться к золотому пантеону кино.Не скажу, что практически три часа пролетели за минуту, но смотрелось не в тягость. Немного расстроило, что глава семейства Карлеоне относительно мало действий в фильме совершал, но теперь ему на смену пришёл новый Крёстный отец, а это значит, что нужно обязательно посмотреть вторую часть. 
2459 i don’t know why it took me so long to watch this masterpiece 
2460 confesso que os primeiros quarenta minutos não foram tão agradáveis para mim – talvez pela lentidão. só que a partir dos minutos seguintes, começa a ficar super envolvente. há muito tempo eu não ficava triste com a morte de personagens como fiquei nesse filme. foi uma sensação estranha e ao mesmo tempo interessante – como surgiu isso em mim? al pacino se mostrou um excelente ator. a cena do batismo foi uma das minhas favoritas! 
2461  Me ha gustado más y creo que cuando más la vea, más me gustara, pero a día de hoy, para ser considerada por muchos la mejor pelicula de la historia, a mi no me termina de fascinar del todo. Aún así he de decir que es muy buena eh, banda sonora, actuaciones con marlon brando y al pacino que lo petan, sobre todo brando, que es la que más me gusta de toda la peli, de las mejores actuaciones de…  
2462 how does it get better every timefrom the first shot to the last always captivating. opulent. 
2463 Exhausting fuckin plane rideThere's some serious succession influences in here. Never noticed it, but some characters really relate. Don't spoil the past two episodes for me though I didn't get hbo in KoreaI love this movie, there's so many wonderful aspects, but I've gotta say, there are really so many flaws with this movie. I think that the goods really outweigh the bad for most people, because the way the story moves along is really clunky. 
2464 Touched this time through by the softness of Pacino’s performance in the first act, and the ways that hardens into a correlating grim restraint. More films should cross-cut between baptisms and massacres. 
2465  Usually I would write a long-ass essay to explain why a movie this important is such a milestone for the media of cinema, but is it really necessary with The Godfather?. Everyone, from casuals movie enjoyers, to dedicated movie guys and critics will tell you this is one of the greatest pieces of cinema ever made, and they'd be right. Every single performance is iconic, every single interpersonal relationship between family members is presented and explored in a compelling way,…  
2466 Al Pacino was so goddam fine 
2467 AL PACINO ??!%#+~¥]>?@&:6?’a}{#%?  ON THÉ BIG SCREEN ?????? I disintegrated into my popcorn 
2468 needed more al pacino 
2469 9.1Is there anything to say? 
2470  Scuffed watching, i only saw the second half, but. Holy shit.My fraternity has a yearly event based on The Godfather which was this day, and while I should have been doing work… how am I gonna do stupid spanish homework when people are watching The Godfather in the upstairs TV room???? I got a tiny bit of work done during it at least—but by the baptism scene… I finished the last 45 min or so uninterrupted, and.. holy fucking…  
2471 Kevin Hart wasn’t even in it 
2472 It may insist upon itself, but I still love this classic. Even if it’s sequel is superior in every way, but more on that later. 
2473 OH MY GOD!!!Im out of words…I am numb.Woah..REALLY THE HOLY BIBLE OF CINEMA. 
2474 Lo admito, si es cine. Y me gusta más porque eliminaron todas las cosas innecesarias que tiene el libro. Es todo lo que yo quería que fuera y más. 
2475  I can’t believe I hadn’t seen this so I finally took the time and watched it and boy I was glad I did. An absolute masterpiece!The Godfather is like Goodfellas where they aren’t just perfect mobster movies, they’re perfect movies. Every element of this movie is masterful from some of the greatest performances put to film from the great Marlon Brando, aswell as Robert Duvall, James Caan and Al Pacino who are all just as good. The plot is…  
2476  The Godfather, on 35mm film, in Tarantino’s New Beverly Cinema, with a sold out crowd, is an offer you just can’t refuse. Every aspect of this movie is iconic. This was only my second time seeing the film but I feel like I have been surrounded by it my whole life. From the quotes to the scenes to the backstory, it feels like every piece of media tries to steal from it. It’s insane how blatant it can be. For…  
2477 i’ve been blessed for three hours by michael corleone 
2478 it insists upon itself 
2479 Watch this film in its 4K restauration in cinema! Looked fantastic! 
2480 This took me wayyy too long to get around to watching. This is definitely the best movie I’ve ever seen, literally perfect. 
2481 got a chance to see this at the regal cinemas and what stood out to be was how distinct everyone’e face is. pacino’s eyes darken and his body language gets more stiff ad the minutes clock in and as the corleone family becomes as hunted as an endangered species. “you think could fool a corleone?” 
2482 such a timeless masterpiece of classic cinema. if only i could, i'd give it 10 stars :> 
2483 What can I say, it lived up to all expectations and then some. Can I call it the best of all time, I'll sleep on it, but sure why not. I can already see myself rewatching it on Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.The Corleones are simply the coldest men in fiction. 
2484 After years of being the only person in my family not to watch this movie,here we are finally...yeah it's pretty great. End of the review 
2485 Meh 
2486 KINO !For a film this rich and complex, the pacing is insane. It just kind of flows from one scene to another even though it's 3 hours long.Peak cinema. 
2487 I especially liked when al Pacino said “You’ve gaba-ed your last gool, governor cuomo” 
2488 eu tava com as expectativas bem altas por conta de todo o hype desse filme ser um clássico do cinema, agora que assisti entendo toda a aclamação. o marlon brando e o al pacino deram o nome aqui, que show de atuação, não dá pra imaginar ninguém interpretando os personagens sem ser eles.e o desenrolar do filme é muito bom, teve cenas que eu fiquei de boca aberta assistindo (menção honrosa a cena do batismo e a cena do carro). enfim, é um ótimo filme. 
2489 I feel like my punishment for not particularly enjoying this is that i have to be the first person on my friends list to rate it lower than 4 stars. And that fact genuinely makes me cringe at myself a little. 
2490  This is I think my 3rd view of the film. It's really hard to not call it THE greatest movie of all time.This movie just changes the meaning of cinema. Every second of this movie is perfection, everything contributes to something, nothing is wasted. Every aspect of the film is perfection. I don't even know what the best aspect of this film is? The acting, the screenplay, the direction, the music, the writing? Each and every scene in the…  
2491  Full disclosure - I'm pretty tanked on a whiskey cocktail by this point. We brought back a few bottles of Amaretto from Italy which we're still working our way through. Turns out adding Amaretto to whiskey is a cocktail called "The Godfather", and that was all the excuse I needed!  The urge to wax poetic about this film is hard to fight. It's genius. It's an utter classic. It's consistently rated amongst the contenders for the best film ever made.…  
2492 surprisingly, a great hangover movie 
2493 a local theatre played the remastered 4K version and it’s beautiful on the screen, but this is one those classic movie everyone talks about that truly does deserve the hype 
2494 contrary to popular belief, i don't, in fact, have an empty void in my thoughts. it's actually just marlon brando playing with the stray kitten he found on the set of the godfather and decided to insert it into the beginning of the movie. that's all there is to it. 
2495 - The Coppola Restoration - Absolutely not one of the best movies of all time. I actually had to watch it in three separate parts because I kept coming close to drifting-off to sleep. Its very well made and is a fantastic film, but it's not a masterpiece in my eyes.That said, there are some perfectly executed scenes. The scene in the diner literally couldn't be better! 
2496 just dudes being dudes 
2497 70s al pacino please make me an offer i can’t refuse 
2498  14th re-watch ever since I first saw it, and yeah it never ceases to amaze me.I have grown older, recognised movies, mildly understood moviemaking and I am still in awe at the film.I notice little moments - Michael's panic for a split second when he couldn't find the gun at the cistern, the little Oscar statue beside Woltz's bed, the little moments of affection between Caan's Sonny and Pacino's Michael even in the limited interactions they have. It…  
2499 When people talk about their love for cinema, and filmmaking in general, if they don’t put The Godfather into the conversation as one of the very best films ever made, then it’s not love. Still, after 50 years, Francis Ford Coppola’s film is the envy of every film that came after it. 
2500 Hadn’t seen this in probably six years and yet I still had something like fifteen individual scenes distinctly etched in my memory. Big screen viewing was fun. Don’t think anyone really has anything novel to say about The Godfather these days—it’s multi-faceted Greatness is obvious—but I have to note that my feelings toward it remain more like respectful veneration than passionate elation, admiration rather than love, and I’m not quite sure why. 
2501  יופי לא נמדד על פי חיצוניות, הוא נמדד על פי הפנימיות הנצחית שלו, היופי מאחורי הסנדק הוא אחד הדברים הכי מופלאים שיש.הסנדק הוא פלא קולנועי, אין סרטים כמוהו כמעט.סרט עם כל כך הרבה רגש ומסירות לעלילה שלו, סרט שלוקח את הזמן ולא ממהר, סרט שמראה שאי אפשר להיות בטוח בכלום עד הסוף.אני חייב להודות שהסרט הזה באמת הרגיש איטי, וכשהוא נגמר אני הרגשתי חופשי, אבל באמת שזה סרט ששווה את הכובד שלו.זה סרט באורך של שלוש…  
2502 Drei Stunden die wie im Fluge vergehen. Allein was hier darstellerisch, inszenatorisch und atmosphärisch aufgefahren wird, ist einfach oberste Güteklasse. Ein Epos für die Ewigkeit! 
2503 The 4K trilogy restoration just came in, I’m so hyped to rewatch these legendary films in beautiful restoration. 
2504 Every scene is just so iconic that after one happens I’m always surprised when we still have like 40 more all time iconic scenes remaining. Tom Hagen is really the key to this movie. 
2505 Really good!  Id like it more if I actually followed all the names of the families. Great watch would recommend. 
2506  I was bound to rank this lower than most, yet I still enjoyed it, even though I fell asleep twice watching it. The Godfather is a very good film, it's just not unreal or never before seen.The dialogue was tremendous, the score was great, Marlon Brando is the most iconic lead act of all time, Al Pacino finished off the film with a good 3rd act and the plot overall was great.I expected the cinematography to be subpar, however…  
2507  DO NOT WATCH.Over the course of this movie’s 3 HOUR runtime, nothing happens. I mean, can anyone who actually liked The Godfather name a single thing that happened in the entire movie? (This is a rhetorical question. If you can name something, please consider getting a life). The only thing I remembered from watching this was that the main mafia guy is Italian. On top of that, this movie is so overhyped that literally everyone who watches it will be disappointed.…  
2508 michael slayed (literally and on many different occasions) 
2509  “Someday, and that day may never come, I will call upon you to do a service for me.”The Godfather is a 1972 gangster movie directed by Francis Ford Coppola, written by him and Mario Puzo, and stars Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall, and Diane Keaton. It’s based on a best-selling novel of the same name by Mario Puzo. I purposely waited for a free day close to the official 50th anniversary of it to watch it…  
2510 Rewatched to prep for the Sub-Beacon episode on the 50th anniversary. It really is just a perfect movie, no notes. 
2511 Things to do before I die: - experience The Godfather in theater: ✅ 
2512 Finally watched this after ages and I saw it in the cinema which I’m so glad I did. The movies good you know that I can’t say anything you haven’t heard before. 
2513 Una escena tras otra, todas icónicas y geniales. No hay un plano que sobre. No hay un diálogo que sobre. No hay una mirada que sobre. 
2514 Крестный отец — кино культовое, а потому сформировать о нем своё мнение почти невозможно. Хотя бы потому, что ты смотришь его и точно знаешь, что там будет: заранее знаешь знаковый монолог открытия, ждёшь лошадиную голову, боишься рассыпанных апельсинов и понимаешь, что Майкл отречётся от дьявола в потрясающем перекрёстном монтаже. Из-за этого дико обидно, что не посмотрела раньше. Безусловно монументально, но обидно. 
2515 Godfather 50th anniversary - literally an offer you can’t refuse. 
2516 Je suis sexuellement attiré par ce film je veux qu'on fasse l'amour passionnément lui et moi 
2517 50th anniversary in cinema, incredible experience!! 
2518 the whole time i was thinking “al pacino can get IT” 
2519 seeing this the second time in dolby cinema was amazing! i like it a bit more now on my first watch. also got my brother into the theater again since 1917 came out, which i’m proud of now. now if you’ll excuse me, i’m going to watch this again with the audio commentary. 
2520 He made them an offer they can’t refuse. 
2521  el bar, ese punto de quiebre de michael, aquél inocente el que no le gusta los negocios de su familia, termina siendo el líder de los negocios, mucho mejor desarrollado en la segunda parte, ¿mejor? quizá, pero sin uno no hay dos. ver a marlon brando imponiéndose como alguien sumamente respetable en una de las mejores actuaciones de la historia y a al pacino en su punto máximo es inolvidable, uno quiere hacer la paz, el otro elimina a todos.…  
2522 los del showcase de belgrano van a poner una foto mia en la puerta y me van a prohibir la entrada despues de la cantidad de guarangadas que se me deben de haber escapado cada vez que al pacino estaba en pantalla 
2523 “i’ll make him an offer he can’t refuse”this is so iconic like this didn’t feel like a 3 hour film at all. all the technical aspects are so well done and the acting was amazing. not to mention how hot al pacino was 
2524 Michael Corleone literally said: " If I have to go through any more character development, my character is gonna develop into a villain." 
2525 they put amphetamines in al pacino’s portrayal of michael corleone. like … seriously. another movie i watched from my perch on the staircase when i was a 10yo because i was supposed to be asleep. literally changed me as a person because i’ve been a pacino bitch ever since. the fact that i’m watching this on the big screen in a month doesn’t seem real to me at all but whenever i think about it i start dry heaving. i have very normal feelings about michael corleone. the “do you renounce satan” scene shifted the entire trajectory of my life. 
2526  First time watching this widely calledmasterpiece. I took some days to write my review, mainly because I has been a bit busy lately and wanted to think about it but here it is.A film that goes way beyond what it seems, it’s not only about the mafia but about family, loyalty, life and death. Even though it’s too long for my liking, I really enjoyed it. I think the length is understandable because of the complexity of the…  
2527 Para arrancar bien el año. 
2528 Such a big bucketlist film the godfather films are for me, It’s just been finding the time to actually just sit down for 3hours and watch them and they are a commitment!! But today that all changed as I thought you know what let’s do it let’s watch The Godfather and oh it of course didn’t disappoint at all. Loved it so much! Crime family sagas yeah give them all to me 😍 Now onto the 2nd and 3rd films haha 
2529 This viewing of The Godfather made me cry at unexpected moments and I don’t want to TALK ABOUT IT 
2530 Fucking hell, i forgot how good this was. Micheal Corleone is such a cold hearted bastard probably one of my favorite characters OAT 
2531 This film deserves all the recognition it gets, it is simply a before and after in cinema. 
2532 don corleone give me justice 
2533 El Padrino definió por completo el subgénero de los gangsters en el cine. Las que antes eran películas baratas ahora pasaron a ser grandes obras llenas de tragedia, problemas familiares y demás. Para mí es una absoluta belleza, a pesar de no ser la mejor de la trilogía. Es difícil decir algo sobre esta película que no se haya dicho antes. Desde la música de Nino Rota hasta las actuaciones y la dirección de Coppola, The Godfather es una de esas cintas que nunca vas a olvidar.Algo si les recomiendo: leer la novela de Mario Puzzo. Ambas obras se complementan genial. 
2534 Collateral damage of doing film studies is having the baptism scene spoiled at least once a year, thought it might ruin the film but I still enjoyed it. So iconic. 
2535 *italian gangster noise* 
2536 MORE LIKE THE FLOPFATHER 
2537 "The Godfather  is an indisputable masterpiece of cinema. Marlon Brando's performance is just incredible as are the three Corleon brothers: James Cann and Robert Dunvall and Al Pacino who are just excellent in their roles. Francis Ford Coppola directs Mario Puzo's novel in a wonderful way using many metaphors like "🍊" or even "The Nightmare of Johann Heinrich Füssli". The music is just iconic and everyone who hears this music thinks Italy 🇮🇹. « 🍊🍊🍊🇮🇹🇮🇹🇮🇹“  
2538 michael corleone and kendall roy would be best friends if they were in the same universe #patheticmen 
2539 I'm so glad I've finally gotten around to watching this and luckily I think it lives up to its hype. The length didn't bother me at all and the pacing worked so well for establishing all the characters and their arcs/motives. It was also fun seeing all the iconic lines in context. I don't really see how Marlon Brando is the lead actor in this though like it's definitely Al Pacino but whatever. The parallels between father and son work so well and what a journey of Michael Corleone. Great, good, excellent. 
2540 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  From a 3.5 to a 5 on rewatch. I low-key am embarrassed for that previous rating.What more to say? I was engrossed for the full 3 hours and watching the rise of Michael Corleone was amazing to see. I still see Al Pacino as a far better actor than Marlon Brando, a disgrace that he was nominated for supporting actor when he's the main man for the entire film almost.Not much more to say after that. Going to rewatch Part 2 soon and then maybe watch Part 3, despite all the controversy.  
2541 Even the way they sit in chairs is epic. 
2542 o al pacino novinho ainda de cara com isso.nao é atoa que esse é considerado um dos maiores atos do cinema mundial, o filme é simplesmente genial em tudo que propõe, em todos os seus atos. desde de direção, até as atuações.a fotografia impecável, fiquei de cara que o filme é de 70 e a qualidade ja era daquele jeito. 
2543 it’s just a bunch of italian people talking to each other 
2544 I just wanna kiss the script, marry it. Marlon Brando looks like a bulldog 
2545 I don't think I need to explain this one. Just, the godfather, I finally watched it. Holy fuck. I could explain why it's good, on how it's a actually important film for italian culture, how well it shows the struggles of mafia life, amazing story telling techniques, but do I have to?? Nah, not really. Also how did I not know the line "Look how they massacred my boy" came from this. 
2546 Quería que mi novia la viese, y le ha flipado. :) 
2547  סוף סוף השלמתי את החור הכי גדול בהשכלה שלי וצפיתי בסנדק וזה כנראה הסרט שבאתי אליו עם הכי הרבה ציפיות אי פעם. האם הוא עמד בהן? לא, אבל ידעתי שהוא לא יעמוד בהן. האם בכל זאת הוא מעולה? לגמרי כן.אני בדרכ לא אוהב סרטי גאגנסטרים(לא אהבתי בכלל את גודפלוס) והיחיד שאהבתי עד כה זה השתולים אבל הסרט הזה הוא כנראה סרט הפשע הטוב ביותר שראיתי, הוא מציג את עולם הפשע בצורה מעולה על ידי שימוש בדמויות מדהימות ושונות זו…  
2548  It’s all down to the moment Tom tells Don Corleone who killed Sollozzo and McCluskey. The dream of respectability snatched away from his family, vanished while Vito wasn’t looking. It was a ridiculous dream for him to have, but something in the filmmaking manages to make this moment feel eminently tragic. It’s just such an impressive collection of talents and artistic touches. I notice more and more every time, and that’s what I love about the experience, every time. Still…  
2549 sorry to everyone who told me to watch this years ago and i subsequently ignored. u were right and i am in ur debt 
2550 I’m so embarrassed I’m only watching this now like everyone says, this is perfect! the acting, directing, writing, plot, characters, dialogue.. everything’s just perfect!10/10 
2551  Le haré una oferta que no podrá rechazar.Esperé demasiado para ver esta joya y una vez más es porque pronto será removida del catálogo de Netflix y no permitiré que me pase de nuevo. Hay films con escenas icónicas, pero El Padrino es un film icónico. Con excelente reparto, actuaciones, dirección, fotografía, guión y soundtrack, este es uno de los clásicos imperdibles que debes ver antes de morir. Es un retrato auténtico de la mafia italoamericana, la novela de…  
2552 the dilf-ication of michael corleone 
2553 Do i even need to say anything?? 
2554 this is the greatest christmas movie 
2555 this movie turns me on I’ll just say it 
2556 That Nino Rota score is too gorgeous to describe, and I feel that description goes for the rest of this film in all of its elements too. Just pure brilliance, and I sure as hell know I'm not the first to say that. Very easy to see why many people consider this one of the greatest films of all time, it really doesn't age at all (it obviously does in the literal sense, but it's impact will never change for what I can tell).Onto Part 2! 
2557 those last twenty minutes, oh my god 
2558 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Mike : *shoots Sollozzo and McCluskey and then ran away*Borat, offscreen : "Great success"Tell that bro Francis Ford Coppola that he did a great fucking job.Kinda glad that I finally watch this after so many recommendations, the reason why I finally did it because I need to watch "The Godfather Part II" so I could finish my task to watch David Fincher's favorite movies that im trying to do rn. I know you guys probably watch some…   
2559 Brilliant screenplay. Actors playing in career defining roles. Haunting music. Forty two years on, it, still, seems appealing.<< Ranking The Best Pictures >> 
2560 Film of my '1000 films to watch before you die' posterthe michael and sollozzo scene is going to live in my head rent free for the rest of my life 
2561 yeah... this was a masterpiece as expected!also im gonna argue with yall film bros, this movie, if not for al pacino and james caan alone, is for the girls and gays! 
2562 Pacino can stare me down like that anyday ;) 
2563 francis bro... just say you hate women and go. 
2564 Regardless of how great a movie this is the first thing we all do as the credits roll is try and impersonate Brando!“You disrespect me! On my daughter’s wedding day! Have an orange!”52x52x52 
2565 “This is business, not personal Sonny.” 
2566 at last, i saw one of the highest rated movies on letterboxd. it was pretty good. i have to say, it’s not my favorite mob movie that i’ve seen, but i understand why many say it’s the best. it’s literally straight mafia. that’s it, so if you don’t want the mob then sorry pal. the characters here were pretty interesting, though i thought they were mostly assholes. yet, even that makes sense for this film. the runtime didn’t feel too draining for a three hour movies, so props to it. it’s pretty good. 
2567 tag yourself im don corleone's hair getting messier as the movie progresses 
2568 I could've gone for another hour of this so im hyped for part 2. This whole movie gets better as it goes on as does Brando and Pacino's performances. Obviously I'm not saying anything new here but yeah man its masterfully done.Song for the movie: youtu.be/ANMcqkLEKmk 
2569 Majestic and totally stupid, what Kael took as evidence of cinematic alchemy transcending the literary appeared on this viewing tired dissonance 
2570 this is definitely a movie! 
2571 This movie gave me the same anxiety that I experienced watching Uncut Gems. At least several times! 
2572 The MovieI think this is my third time watching this but it feels like my first because the first two times I didn’t pay proper attention and wasn’t as educated film-wise, so I’ll just say this...I get it now.Favorite Quote:You’re taking this very personal. Tom, this is business and this man is taking it very, very personal. 
2573 Diane Keatons eyebrows in this are both my favourite and least favourite aspect of the film 
2574 young al pacino looks like young ray romano and old ray romano at the same time 
2575 Notes from my brother’s first watch - Right out the gate, my dad walks in and SPOILS half the movie (“Man, it’s sad when Sonny dies. Then, Michael’s gotta take over.”)- *Marlon Brando’s first appearance* “Does he sound like that the entire movie? And why does his face look so DUMB?”- “Is this movie supposed to be GOOD yet?”- *Talia Shire gets beat up* “Hehe”- “This is just the same thing as The Irishman. But WORSE.”- “Was I supposed to think that [baptism scene] was COOL?”- “That ending was so STUPID. Movie’s a 6/10 if I’m feeling generous.” 
2576 Okay so I watched this growing up as a kid and didn’t really understand it or take it seriously because well, I wasn’t old enough. But I’m classing this as a first watch now and it really is the most complete film that I’ve ever seen. Everything is perfect, the acting, the characters, the script, the score... I could go on and on. There’s not a scene that’s wasted or a line of dialogue that doesn’t belong, everything’s there for a reason and it all just works so wonderfully. I need to finish this trilogy asap because I’ve been missing out on these films. 
2577  How am I supposed to word this? I hate to say this, but I just couldn't resonate with this movie as much as many others could. It was an absolutely great movie, no doubt about that. But to me, I cannot see this as being one of my favourites of all time. I feel disappointed somewhat because I feel like I'm not supposed to be feeling this way, but I guess it is what it is.My relationship with this…  
2578 me:fredo: okay pop :)me: talented, brilliant, incredible, amazing, show stopping, spectacular, never the same, totally unique, completely not ever been done before 💗💖💕💞💓💗💝💘💕💕💓💓💞💘💕💕💞💞💗💞💕💘💖💘💞💞💓💓🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺 
2579 This film feels like a finished painting. Through the time that it takes to create it, it takes many different forms and once it's finished you sit back in awe at its beauty. The perfection of the filmmaking, the imperfections of the characters, all of it culminates into something known widely across generations as the greatest film of all time. 
2580 Just finished watching this for the first time... Some people say it’s boring, some people say it’s one of, if not the greatest film of all time. Maybe it’s the fact that I’ve rekindled my love for gangster and crime movies recently, or maybe it’s the fact that I’ve learned how to appreciate films for what they are, either way, The Godfather is a masterclass of a film that deserves every ounce of praise it receives and has received from critics, and cinephiles alike throughout the years. I love Scorsese’s films, but The Godfather might just be the best damn gangster movie in existence! 
2581 fun fact michael corleone can get it any time any day of the week god bles 
2582 Log no. 1,000Pretty damn good imo 
2583 The climax with the baptism intercut with the five-families all getting whacked, is still just about the most satisfying thing ever. Michael’s first real test as Don, and just knockin’ it outta the park. Goddamn, Pacino is amazing. 
2584  OkokAfter this watch, I only really have one flaw with this film, and it’s that I think we spend too much screen time with Micheal in Sicily, I think it kind of messes with the pacingThe rest of this movie is a masterpiece, just the story, already makes this one of the greatest of all time, just the story, the script is really that tight, and well written, but it succeeds in every other aspect as well. The…  
2585 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Perfect movie to drink a nice single malt, sit back in a leather armchair, smoke a cigar and feel properly old to. Don Corleone's death is un-ironically my favorite scene in this.  
2586 perfection. i don’t know what to say. the score and the lightning were flawless. Brando and Al Pacino gave an unforgettable performance. and that ending!! 
2587  "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."When talking about The Godfather, it's hard to say something that hasn't already been said before. It's generally considered the best film ever made, and to be honest it isn't far off. It's deserving of that honour, placing and adoration. This is arguably the movie that defines the genre. It really is masterful on every single level, from the direction, to the characters, to the music, to the photography, to the…  
2588 The actions portrayed in this movie, more than perhaps any other crime drama, often feel warranted and this with the setting and beautiful shooting of the film culminate into a masterfully told story that though one can not condone, one can understand. 
2589 Everything in here is flawlessly crafted and works perfectly. If you don’t love this film, you probably don’t love film. 
2590  Uff, no la recordaba tan buena. Me imagino que con los años que pasaron ya pude disfrutarla en su máximo esplendor. La dirección es un deleite visual, la manera en la que compone escenas y momentos es sensacional. Marlon Brando y Al Pacino están espléndidos. Personajes excelentemente escritos, con sus matices, sus trasfondos y exploración satisfactoria. Una narrativa lenta que va manejando diversas temáticas que al final obtienen una catarsis, además de que brinda un cambio a sus personajes. Exposición…  
2591 not to sound like an annoying filmbro or anything, but this shit is breathtaking bro 
2592 70s al pacino was absolutely out there being cute and talented and i love him 
2593  The Godfather is regarded as one of the greatest films of all time. Of all time. Of. All. Time. To have an accolade such as that isn't just impressive, it's near impossible (especially by today's standards). The consequences of acquiring such an achievement results in expectations being sky high, not just for first time watches but for multiple viewings as well. For me, it's a first time watch...the ultimate question is: Is this really the greatest film ever made? I…  
2594  TCM's Big Screen Classic series are the best! I love their dedication in rereleasing the greatest movies of the past and sending them into theaters for a limited engagement.I especially love it when release some of my favorite movies.The Godfather, celebrating its 45th anniversary, directed by Francis Ford Coppola and starring an all-star lineup including Al Pacino, James Caan, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Abe Vigoda, Talia Shire, and of course, Marlon Brando in his most iconic performance as…  
2595 Since the last time I had watched The Godfather, I've watched hundreds of great films, and my views on cinema have radically changed, so I was very curious to know whether I would still find the film as extraordinary as I did years ago; and the answer is yes. This film is simply THE perfect drama film. 
2596 What could a review from me today possibly add to this film's legacy. Nothing. So I'll just kiss the ring instead.Let's just say there's a reason it's a meme when a person doesn't like 'The Godfather'. 
2597  I have such a vivid memory of when I first watched the godfather, I was 11 years old and in year 6 at school. It was our last day of the school year and our teacher literally just said 'fuck it' and put it on for us.I was well and truly blown away by this movie and I truly believe it's what kickstarted my love of film. It's absolutey incredible and although I was much to young to be…  
2598 Just wow...(Gonna write up a proper review sooner or later — it's gonna take me some time — that's how mindblowing this film is).— 10/10. 
2599  Allow me to ramble on for a bit. It's 4 AM but I don't care.When people say or list "the greatest films of all time", you'll most likely have some usual choices, some that you almost certainly know is gonna be on it. Your Shawshank Redemption, your Pulp Fiction and whatnot.You hear and you hear about how great these movies are, how everyone must see them, how this is cinematic art at its most pure, and you start…  
2600 "Let's give em a movie they can't refuse." - Francis Ford Coppola 
2601 1. kinda overhyped, and before you get mad at me, think about HOW HYPED this movie is. okay?2. me everytime al pacino was on screen: 💦💦💦😩😩😩 NUUUUTTT!!!!!3. me everytime marlon brando was on screen: ❤️❤️❤️❤️😭😭😭😭...heart nut....💘💘💘💘😊😊😊😊 
2602 Don Vito Corleone is simply the best thing to ever happen in cinema 
2603  One of the most interesting aspects of The Godfather -- whose mammoth reputation threatens to swallow whole a work that is still compelling, alive and occasionally troubling -- is its stylistic positioning as a classical work in a modern cinematic landscape. Its nostalgic auburn hues, novelistic scope and stately compositions must have felt nearly old-fashioned in a time of "easy riders and raging bulls." This anachronistic elegance is of course the same as the Corleones'. The family sits in their…  
2604 Raw me Don Vito 😘👌🏼 
2605  Not much to add about the film itself (I mean, it's The Godfather. Enough said).But this time I was able to see it on the big screen at my local theater and bring my 16 year old son to see it for the first time. For me, it was almost like being able to see it for the first time again. I had forgotten just how complex the story was--so many characters thrown at the viewer, some of whom…  
2606 Marlon Brando is too fucking good. Every frame looks like a composed image from a time long ago. It's beautiful, has perfect pacing, and just all around perfect. 
2607 OMG :O ! 
2608 God bless Regal Cinemas for their Classic Film Series. That restored 35mm looked crisp as ever. 
2609  R.I.P my list of great films of summer....I'll still watch em, but I'm too lazy to re do that list again. Procrastination. It's a real bitch.The Godfather is often considered the greatest film ever made. 100% on Rotten Tomatoes. #2 on the IMDb Top 250, it actually is tied for #1 as of now, but still...#2. Multiple Oscars, Recognized multiple times by the AFI, the praise is limitless. So with that being said, do I like it?Well, look…  
2610 Arguably the greatest film to come out of Hollywood. This is filmmaking at it's sheer best executed to perfection. 
2611  Les termes chef-d'œuvre et classique sont souvent associé à "Le Parrain", mais ils ne capturent pas toute sa grandeur. Le film dépasse ces étiquettes pour s'élever au rang d'œuvre d'art véritable.Francis Ford Coppola nous offre un film tout simplement unique, nous plongeant au cœur de la famille Corleone, issue de la mafia, ainsi que de quatre autres familles. Le film nous immerge dès le début dans un mariage entre la fille de Don Corleone et Carlo.Ce début de…  
2612 1h in and i was DONE ts is so incredibly boring omg😭why is every filmbro movie so fucking mid i canttt 
2613 Earlier this year I told myself I was gonna watch this before 2024, and I finally did. While it is NOT my favorite movie of all time or anything, it deserves to have the recognition it gets. I cannot wait to watch the second one… and maybe threeAlso I get why some people will find this one boring but not me, I was engaged from beginning to end. I did start feeling the runtime in the last 30 or so minutes but that’s not really the movies fault, I just had a busy day and am tired lol 
2614 I’ve seen this countless times and yet once it’s on (my girlfriend hit play on it) I can’t pull myself away until the door closes on Kay’s face. 
2615 Didn’t actually watch it I just hate men and want to piss them off 
2616 Peter Griffin is a liar this movie fucking slaps.10/10 
2617 ✅Idk if it’s the fact that I have seen so many versions of this or if it’s just the backdrop that it’s set in. I kinda can’t resignate with the movie that much. It’s a pretty great movie. No wonder so many people are playing this in the bg on loop. But ya…it doesn’t have something that I find in Scorsese’s works…I still donno what it is… 
2618 I repent 
2619 10th time logging this please look away 
2620 I know this may come as a shock to everyone, but this movie is really fucking good. 
2621  Well, do I really need to explain why this is a 10/10 motion picture? Is an explanation from myself truly warranted when this film has been praised and analyzed as the crowning jewel of Hollywood for over 50 years now? It’s the definition of a perfect movie, a work of art I couldn’t possibly imagine being improved upon. I will say that it impresses me a great deal how many people (especially those who are younger and enjoy modern cinema…  
2622 I love it when women are nameless, voiceless props for men to fuck, beat, and kill needlessly while touting their own virtue and righteousness:) 
2623 “Leave the gun. Grab the cannoli.”  
2624  I caught an anniversary screening today which will certainly end up as one of my highlights of the year. I was probably the only one there under the age of 35 in a crowd of about 200 people. I was also having a horrible allergy attack and so for 3 hours I quietly fought a runny nose and sore throat but god was it worth it. Revisiting the classics, especially such a legendary and iconic film like this one on…  
2625  Way better on rewatch. I’ve seen a lot about this film recently for some random reason, but it tempted me to rewatch it. And I have to say, watching this for a second time really helped me to better understand all the characters. The first time I watched this I was confused and a bit overwhelmed with everything that was going on. But upon rewatch it was incredible. Every aspect is so perfect, very deserving of the “best movie of…  
2626 ♥️ R.I.P. JAMES CAAN ♥️ 
2627 I wanna have sex with all 70s Al Pacino characters I said what I said. 
2628 eu tô pulando de alegria em como esse filme é bom. isso aqui não é um filme não, isso aqui é um clássico, uma obra prima do cinema, definição de perfeição. 
2629  Rant Alert.I finally watched this (in theaters) and I am pleased to say that it did not live to the absurd amount of praise (not shared by me, even before watching it). It's a movie alright, not the quintessential most perfect movie ever made by any means.It was boring and (as expected) very fucking overrated. I can't understand what's so great about it, I tried. Not the cinematography, story, characters, genre, nothing stands out in my opinion.Most…  
2630  It never fails to surprise me how great films, when shown in a full cinema, can hold an audience in the palm of their hand. The gasps, laughs (there are some I swear) and moments of acute silence that this film generates, on its 50th Anniversary - drove home for me what expertly crafted storytelling can do.The directing choices are so bold. The camera is so often in close-ups and with barely any lighting. Did Coppola know the magnitude…  
2631 Now this, this is perfection 
2632 1260 movies later, I watched the Godfather! 
2633  I really wanted to give it a higher rating, because I understand that it is a technically well done film, very well directed, with great performances, with memorable lines and scenes (my favorite was the baptism scene, but the opening is also great, I like how the light is used in that scene). But anyway, for my personal taste, it's not the kind of story I like. I also expected it to be more dynamic, the duration makes it tiring.…  
2634 Fuck it I love this movie Ik I clown on this movie a lot, but I saw it again for the first time in like 5 months with my friend (who just got into films recently). And Jesus is this one good. Also comparing this movie to Goodfellas is a big no no. Michael Corleone has some of the greatest character developments I’ve ever seen in cinema. If I can sum this movie up it’s Al Pacino & Marlon Brando = Drake & Jay-Z on Poundcake  
2635 My brother came into the room for five seconds then said this movie sucks. I’m not saying you have to but if someone wanted to “deal” with him I wouldn’t stop it... 
2636 Mon coloc l’avait pas vu 
2637 However insanely cool that baptism scene was, I’d be lying if I said I wasn’t bored out of my mind throughout the majority of the second half. Sorry 
2638  0/100The offensive, romanticized, picture of the Corleone crime family. An Italian family in which their corrupt father manipulates and desensitizes his children to a life of brutal crime. By using the thin veil of family weddings and a reputation as The Godfather, the Corleone family have become the face of duality itself - shooting their rivals while chowing down on cannoli’s.Today was my first viewing of The Godfather. I always preferred Dunkacinno to Michael Corleone. I enjoyed my…  
2639 the idea of tradition versus reformation is very interesting and beautifully spun throughout the entire film within the family and within the world. I have more to say but I'm saving that for an essay I'm going to write! genuinely just a well made and well written film with much to praise. 
2640 Rosebud 
2641 this movie is so bad its so racist against me because it has no women in it. 
2642 when clemenza was giving cooking tips... gordon ramsay found dead 
2643 I was gonna rate this 1/2 star, but Al Pacino made me an offer I couldn't refuse. 
2644 "I'm gonna give him an offer he can’t refuse.” THE masterpiece. Not just a godfather, but THE godfather. Pretty much everything thats been said about this film in a nutshell. All of you already know what's been said about this thing a million times, so I'll leave you to the watching. 
2645  The June Challenge - Film #16Prior to watching The Godfather, I had only seen one other Francis Ford Coppola film: The Outsiders. Based on the novel of the same name, the film wasn't all that special or memorable and did what it set out to do. Just your typical run of the mill story about troubled youth. But with The Godfather, the film does what it does and it does it perfectly.I know, it's long over due for…  
2646 Mein highlight war die 80ct toblerone die ich mir zwischendurch geholt habeDanke arsenal für die saftigte snackauswahl 
2647 Hey gabagool 
2648 one star because a guy i was dating forced me and my friends to watch this on a friday night and every time they said something in italian in the film he wanted me to translate making us live an absolute nightmare and HE DIDN'T EVEN SHARE HIS ALCOHOL 
2649  The godfather is simply one of the most important and most influential motion pictures off all at time. It has everything a film needs, with some of the most impressive actors to ever live giving Oscar worthy performances of some of the most iconic characters ever put to screen, this is a film that will give you high adrenaline at some moments and will then so will quickly change its pace to make u feel such a strong sense of…  
2650 I could watch this on loop for the rest of my days 
2651 -michael francis rizzi, do you renounce satan? 
2652 Lost track of how many times I said out loud “Oh man he’s just like me!” when watching this. 
2653 oh to marry al pacino in italy 💌 
2654 J'avais 13 ans, lors de mon premier vissionage , j'en ai gardé un souvenir indélébile de chef d'œuvre.Et je l'ai revu, revu, revu, revu... Et je l'aime toujours autant 💘 
2655 man, i forgot how great this film is. i watched this over a year and a half ago and i loved it then, and i love it now. this felt like the shortest 3 hour film ive seen, every scene was so well made. don corleone’s dialogue is so great. i haven’t seen godfather 2 before, so im planning to watch that soon for the first time, really hope it lives up to the hype. top 1-2 film for me now 
2656 This movie is a rich blend of Coppola’s aesthetic genius and a triumph for Robert Evans and the architecture of the ‘70s studio system. ;) 
2657 The tension and suspense are excellent, but the pacing is a bit too slow and I was never fully invested. Loved the sound design and last 30 minutes 
2658 good film i like it 
2659 This is officially my favorite film OAT meaning it's simply the greatest film ever made 
2660  “i’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse”i think one of my fave aspects of this film is the character development of michael. i think it’s so cool how throughout the film you get to see how he changes from this honourable, army man to this mafia man who he always tried to avoid being.one of my fave scenes of the whole film is the final scene where kay asked him if he was telling the truth…  
2661 the godfather: I can excuse murder, but I draw the line at drugs. 
2662 Por fin he visto El Padrino. Y si, es verdad, es un peliculón. 
2663 i was kinda into it but the only thing rly doing it for me was young al pacino 
2664  Although I vastly prefer CITIZEN KANE (1941) to THE GODFATHER (1972), one facet of both films that gives me some pause — especially because I believe this facet has something to do with the current and unquestioned status of both movies as towering masterworks, not simply superb entertainments — is their worship of power, including their capacity to view corruption from a corrupt vantage point. Both movies are melancholy and wistful about their conviction that corruption is an inescapable part…  
2665 I'm convinced nobody acutally likes this movie. It's just a big inside joke 
2666 call me a woman but like…i don’t get it 
2667 Rn watching this ( I’ll come back in 2 hours😭) 
2668 sonunda bu film konusuldugunda "NASI IZLEMEMIS OLABILIRSIN YAA" tepkilerini almayacagim, tesekkurler 
2669 This whole movie I was SO BORED. But then it ended and I was like wait that kinda had a little something to it (hot take: the godfather is good, I know). I think it is a technically incredible film that I don’t connect with personally. The Italian mob is some gay shit fr. Need me a Ken to explain the whole movie to me.The Godfather Will Return. 
2670 I will watch this movie on a big screen from now on (I’m literally gonna watch it next week stoned out of my mind in my living room probably) 
2671 Al Pacino steals the show. 
2672 i wanna live there 
2673  "The Godfather" is a true masterpiece of cinema, and a classic for the crime genre. Directed by Francis Ford Coppola, the movie boasts a great plot that is very engaging. The story follows the Corleone family, one of the most powerful Mafia families in New York City, and their struggles to maintain their power and influence in the face of rival gangs and corrupt officials. The movie features a great cast, including Marlon Brando, Al Pacino, and James Caan, who…  
2674 Don Corleone vs Tony Soprano anyone?? 
2675  It is possible for a film to be both very overrated AND very good. The Godfather is one such movie. There are a few reasons the movie doesn't quite reach masterpiece status for me. First, oddly enough, is Francis Ford Coppola's directing. While the film is in some ways very personal for Coppola, if you were to ask me to guess who directed it, I couldn't tell you. It seems that, to me, The Godfather could've been directed by any…  
2676 Oh yeah this lived up to the hype 
2677  Wow. this fucking film was excellent, the character development was crazy, the action scenes went hard, and the acting was phenomenal.when I added this too my watchlist i knew i would enjoy it but just not as much as most people but now i can gladly say i loved this film.honestly with the perfect character development especially within mikes character i cannot wait to see the sequel, not only cuz i now care sm abt these characters but…  
2678 this is soooooo succession-season-4-episode-3 of francis ford coppolaok fine i’ll rank al pacino’s movies 
2679 The only godfather i know of is Bruce Campbell 
2680 i love al pacino and all the heartbreaking character arcs he plays 
2681  há quase um ano atrás algum dia de abril eu, depois de ver a cena inicial de breakfast at tiffanys, decidi que queria acompanhar mais o cinema, e eu sabia que a melhor maneira era vendo o maior classico o maior filme de todos os tempos, nem entendia muito de cinema mas essa era minha percepção, um ano depois continuo acreditando na mesma coisa, aproveitar que ontem foi aniversário do francis vim rever e mds esse filme é tao grandioso…  
2682 “The Godfather is the I Ching. The Godfather is the sum of all wisdom. The Godfather is the answer to any question. What should I pack for my summer vacation? 'Leave the gun, take the cannoli.' What day of the week is it? 'Maunday, Tuesday, Thursday, Wednesday.' And the answer to your question is 'Go to the mattresses.' You're at war. 'It's not personal, it's business. It's not personal, it's business.’ Recite that to yourself every time you feel you're losing your nerve.”- Tom Hanks, “You’ve Got Mail” 
2683 *Insert review here* 
2684 I thought it'd be overhyped like any other gangster movies but I was wrong. Totally get why it's considered to be one of the greatest and Al Pacino was such a Daddy!! The only thing that stopped me from giving it a 5 star is that it was way too long unnecessarily. 
2685 best way to watch this movie is on your grandparents couch 
2686 Absolute classic! One of my favourite ever movies and so influential. 
2687 look how they massacred my boy 
2688  I completely understand the hype around this movie and think it deserves the rating it has, that being said, I personally didn’t love it. A great movie for sure, but didn’t have the spark, shock, or intrigue that makes me love a film.Watching again may help but at least for the first watch it just felt so long and all over the place. I was able to follow the story but jamming 10 years of events into 3 hours…  
2689 the feminine urge to live in sicily with michael corleone 
2690 this movie is impossible to review because it’s probably the most iconic film ever made. its just expertly made in every way, but i will say i didn’t find it perfect. it wasn’t as gripping as i’d have liked and i felt there were parts where the story went off so to speak. but its very good and important to the history of cinema, and it totally deserves the acclaim it gets. 
2691 celebrating christmas by watching the best christmas movie ever made 
2692 3hours and I wasn't bored one minute. I mean I got nothing to say about this masterpiece, just al pacino..oh my........ 
2693 35mm @ New Beverly. First time seeing one of my favorite movies on the big screen and man I’ve seen a number of horrendouz prints in this theater, desperately needed for this to be a good one and thank god this lived up to the hype in my head—great print, sold out screening, hype crowd with quite a number of ppl who have never seen it, eyes glued for three hours. Triumphant night for motherfuckin cinema10 
2694  After so many people telling me this is the best movie ever made, I finally watched it. However just like the dark knight, I found it very overrated and the three hours runtime felt so long- felt like one of the longest films I’ve ever watched. However I really did like don and dint find him as evil as I thought he would of been. I also really enjoyed the music as I’m half Italian my self and even though…  
2695  I think it is pointless at this point to articulate why «The Godfather» is a Masterpiece with a capital M, because everything has already been said before me. Nevertheless what stood out for me on this rewatch is how effortless every filmmaking aspect was looking. This’s a relatively simple story about Michael turning from a peaceful guy who wants to be on his own into a head of his family and crime syndicate, but Coppola executes its so meticulously and…  
2696 this is a christmas movie 
2697 Michael Corleone may only be 5’7 but he’s got that 6’2 energy 
2698 literally no one has ever looked as good on screen as al pacino in this movie i’m so serious 
2699  🤌🤌🤌 I NEED to learn Italian. 🤌🤌🤌This might truly be one of the greatest films of all time. I was engrossed, captivated, enthralled from start to finish, and there's just so much detail in the film. It COMMANDS multiple rewatches, even if just to pick up on ALL the foreshadowing going on, every scene feels like it is littered with clues and information to pick up. The score is incredible, I felt like I was walking the hills of…  
2700 Me perguntando o que as pessoas viram de bom nesse filme 
2701 saw this in 35 mm as part of a james caan retrospective and not only did i get full body chills multiple times i also got a free bracelet that says “end of tweet”. i love u sonny corleone! 
2702 Theatrical releaseMasterpiece. Like a Renaissance painting with more guns and probably more Italians. Seeing this in a theater is one of the greatest movie watching moments of my life and I am over the moon to see part II tomorrow. 
2703 I’m sort of obsessed with the idea that all of the world’s evil comes from men in suits sitting around in an old room 
2704 Seeing The Godfather in theaters for my first watch on inaugural National Cinema Day on my 26th birthday feels almost prophetic. It was a powerhouse of acting & cinematography. An almost mythological tentpole of cinema for a reason. 
2705  The Godfather is a giant of cinema, and every detail of Francis Ford Coppola's film is perfect, from the plotting to the cinematography to Nino Rota's score. The casting is truly extraordinary. Al Pacino is my favorite as Michael, but of course Marlon Brando as Vito Corleone is one of the greatest character portrayals in movies. John Cazale as Fredo is another immortal character.The opening sequence of the film masterfully introduces the viewer to the family and all of…  
2706  Given how it’s a smorgasbord of pre-Vatican II Roman Catholicism, I’m shocked that converts don’t obsess over The Godfather. I bristle at the notion of declaring a singular Greatest _____ of All Time, but seeing The Godfather in 35mm was an incredible experience, something that transported me back to when I first started taking movies seriously and how much this movie mattered to me then. I think that’s because I’m better armed to handle how The Godfather, memed to death…  
2707 the baptism scene and vito’s cat are truly the most perfect parts of this film <3 
2708  The theater near my sibling's place is playing the 50th anniversary 4k restoration of this over the weekend - so we decided to support our local indie theater and have a Godfather Night. The theater is a pretty small place and only has two screening rooms - in the other room they were screening Marcel the Shell, and I was almost tempted to ditch The Godfather in order to see that lil shell with them gotdang shoes again.My sibling's…  
2709 HASSSİKTİR 
2710 RIP James 🌹💔Side note- the first time I saw The Godfather was in stills for my high school humanities class when my teacher used Coppola’s cinematography to explain renaissance painting techniques like chiaroscuro. Pretty dope memory! S/O Mrs. Weidder ♥️ 
2711 Don’t have anything to say that hasn’t already been RIP James Caan 
2712 When i was twelve i watched this for the first time, and the sheer stark terror i felt upon seeing the mats of fur on Caan's shoulders and realizing i was staring down the barrel of something related will forever be imprinted on me.Call it simple and dumb but Caan is always goimg to be part of my conception of masculinity for that reason. RIP, you were the man. 
2713 Yok Boyle film yok yaw yeminle yok keşke filmdeki kedi olsam 
2714 My Top 100 Movies RewatchThe Godfather:Original Ranking: #92New Ranking: #67I’m not going to even bother writing a review for this film.  You all know it, you’ve all seen it, it’s a revolutionary filmmaking masterpiece, plain and simple.I haven’t seen this film since I was about 11 years old and I definitely somewhat forgot how amazing this movie was when I originally made my top 100 list.  Chef’s kiss.Grade: 94%Link to the Greatest Godfather Parody Ever 
2715 79/100Forgot I watched this but yes it’s da gadfadah 5th watch 
2716 The Godfather is a film that makes you realise just how perfect an art form cinema can be. It’s an across the board, top to bottom, slice of cinematic perfection. Every single time I watch it, it manages to pull me into its world. Across the once in a lifetime cast, with the iconic, powerful performances from Brando, Pacino & Caan, it’s Robert Duvall’s understated portrayal of Tom Hagen that captivates me. It’s an inspired turn, full of nuance and subtlety that beautifully complements the other players. 
2717 kgf 2 better sadly 
2718 I like The Money Pit. 
2719 I’m not afraid to admit it,,, I am an al pacino girlie, I am not immune. 
2720  “I believe in America.” — a frase que abre as cortinas de The Godfather manifesta, ainda que subliminarmente, a farsa do célebre “Sonho Americano” — desejável por muitos, alcançável para poucos.É proveniente dessa expressão que somos apresentados ao círculo familiar dos Corleone e suas heranças entre o crime e a peleja pelo poder, que se dão principalmente pelo preço da sobrevivência na América mediante à discriminação e tirania do Estado a respeito de imigrantes. Entretanto, esta temática se esgueira apenas…  
2721  finally got my chance to see this in theaters <3. was definitely a great one to watch in theaters bc i think this is the most attention i have ever paid to the godfather and i feel like i walked away with a better understanding of the movie. the three hours flew right by. also seeing 70s Al Pacino on the big screen,,,,,,,,,,, 😵‍💫. and like Vito’s death scene??? the diner scene??? so great on the big screen. worst part…  
2722 succession kinda 
2723 Had the pleasure of watching this in a cinema, just adds to the brilliance 
2724 Le film préféré de ton film préféré. 
2725 Happy Godfather Day!!!🥳Saw it in the theater again and I said “god I wish that was me” whenever a woman was in a close proximity to Michael or Sonny. 
2726 Watching old movies in the cinema is always fun because the chances that someone even older than the movie itself is sitting in the audience and does not notice that their cell phone is ringing are very high 
2727 It had been years since re-visiting this all-time classic. So, seeing that this is the 50th anniversary of when it was released it seemed like it was time to watch it again. This chapter of the story deals with the passing of the Corleone torch as it goes from Marlon Brando to Al Pacino. This IS one of the greatest movies of all-time. If you have not seen it...see it soon. If you have seen it, watch it again!Ranked 1st of 38th movies on UMR Marlon Brando Movie Ranking Page. www.ultimatemovierankings.com/marlon-brando-movies/ 
2728 "Nunca vuelvas a decir lo que piensas a alguien que no sea de la familia" Me di el placer de verla en pantalla grande. Es un sueño que tenía pendiente. ¡Fue magnífico! No hay reseña para esta obra maestra. Alcanza con decir que es la mejor película de la historia. ¡Y nos quedamos cortos! "No hablamos de negocios en la mesa"Marlon la rompe toda, pero Al Pacino es un escándalo. Como va mutando. La mirada, los pensamientos, sus palabras y acciones. ¿Y ese final? ¡Qué final!"Un hombre que no pasa tiempo con su familia nunca puede ser un hombre de verdad" 
2729 Definition of Masterpiece - A work of outstanding artistry, skill, and workmanship or in short The Godfather 
2730 70s al pacino please make me an offer i can’t refuse 
2731 Needs more Fredo as a tanned vegas scumbag 
2732  Jumped at the opportunity to watch this at the cinema, in large part because I was curious to see how it would make me feel after so many years. I did love the opening wedding sequence, all the faces and voices and colours, and in fact the whole film peaked for me when Luca Brasi was finally given the opportunity to deliver his much-rehearsed and yet still barely coherent speech to Vito Corleone. I particularly adored the bit where Luca…  
2733 definitivamente alany no hubiera apreciado esta peliculaestoy muy agradecida de que mi reencuentro con esta peli fue en la gran pantalla y con amigos cinefilos🧐🍷. que increible ver las escenas iconicas y emocionarme cuando solo la he visto una vez y cuando no le sabia al cine. 
2734 michael corleone is my patrick bateman 
2735 michael corleone aka fedora the explorer. 
2736 Feel like I spent half the film dramatically turning to my friend with a shocked expression on my face. So excited to watch the 2nd one. 
2737 The wedding scene might be the best portrayal of Italian family gatherings in film lol. Like my extended family is just like that. Looks so good in Dolby, glad I got to see it there. 
2738  La película de mi vida.Mi relación y amor con el cine nacen con El Padrino I. Fue allá por navidad de 2003 (12 años) dónde yo ya empezaba a curiosear con otro tipo de películas y le pedí prestada esta película a mi primo que en esa época las compraba truchas en algunas de esas páginas que nos han salvado varias veces. Recuerdo que me maravilló más allá de perderme muchas cosas lógicas que tienen que ver con la…  
2739 la más grande obra desde el visionado más simple al más profundo análisis el mejor final de la historia también, el DON CORLEONE, la cerrada de puerta y los títulos con la bso... 
2740 Sonny's air punches hurt like a gabagool 
2741  "That's my family Kay, that's not me."beauty, tragedy, & family wrapped in a beautiful bouquet of death & destruction, betrayal & exhausted hugs, asks & results. what more could one possibly want from a movie, especially one that's created this flawlessly? cinematography is gorgeous, music is magical, and the writing literally could not be more great. one of the only movies that consists of mostly men (production & in film) that i'll praise shamelessly. a paragon of poetic filmmaking that's equally entertainment and endlessly wonderful.…  
2742  I just got back from seeing this in the theater. I’ll start by saying that it is hard to remember another theatrical experience where I have been so thoroughly immersed, moved, and engaged. Seeing this on the big screen is unlike anything I’ve seen before, and it elevates this masterpiece to a whole nother level. The violence, the acting, the characters, the sound, the cinematography - it’s all amplified, and you just can’t help but slip away into this universe.…  
2743  50th Anniversary restorationYes, i finally had the nerve to watch this and get it out of my watchlist to become my filmbro self (ofc not). And what a wonderful way than to watch it on the big screen. Wow, I knew I was getting into the most hyped film of all times (maybe) and it was all that. It's a really intense and interesting story. All this mobster stuff is a topic I like and don't like at the…  
2744 Saw this on the big screen for its 50th anniversary! The cinema blessed us with free cannoli. What else had to be said, it's The Godfather it's incredible, everyone who has talked about it for last 50 years has said what I think but better, smarter and funnier. 
2745 Si o si, tenía que ir a ver al diamante de la corona en el cine. 
2746 I believe in cinema.Energising, re-invigorating, thrilling, and mesmerising.Keep your VR crypto AI bullshit.I will be an old man yelling at the clouds for this film. Always. Hope I can afford the boxset soon.PVR Lower Parel. Restored version (with same Indian censor cuts). 
2747  Had the opportunity to watch this on the big screen because my theatres were celebrating its 50th anniversary and I’m just so damn happy that I made up my mind to not miss it. The cinema was jam packed and anyone who says film is dead can honestly suck it, people were cheering to every iconic phrase and sequence and it was just such a fantastic time.Watching Brando and Al Pacino on the big screen was really something else…  
2748 Es ridículo lo que confía Coppola en el espectador, la obra sobre la sugestión más grande jamás hecha; a un nivel de que se le podría cambiar -tranquilamente- el título de la película a eso. 
2749 Hermoso que después de ese brillante plano final y la aparición del "directed by FRANCIS FORD COPPOLA" toda la sala se puso a aplaudir. Creo que no faltó ni uno. No es para menos igual, si tuvimos el placer de disfrutar de la mejor película de todos los tiempos en pantalla grande.Necesitamos más reestrenos en cine. Te dan años de vida. 
2750 This was my third viewing but this time I watched it on the big screen for the experience. It’s the 50th anniversary so it was a must watch.Still one of the greatest films of all time!!! 
2751 The world, the flesh, and the devil. 
2752  Yo solo había visto The Godfather una vez en mi vida, en mi tv de aproximadamente 40' con sonido regular y supe que había visto una muy buena película. No fue hasta que la vi en la pantalla grande con sonido envolvente, con gente de distintas edades disfrutando lo que se veía en pantalla, que logré entender por qué es la obra maestra de obras maestras. Citado de Alejandro G. Calvo (Sensacine) "El Padrino es la única película de la…  
2753 The box office clerk asked me for the ID I left at home so in order to get in I gave him an offer he couldn’t refuse. 
2754 "Do you renaunce satan?""I do renaunce him"Cada que la vuelvo a ver, me sorprendo con lo maravillosa que es. Michael Corleone es uno de los personajes mejor escritos en la historia del cine. 
2755 DONT SAVE HIM SAVE THE CANNOLI! also young al pacino i’ll do anything you want 
2756 me (an empath) sensing that me and al pacino should kiss 
2757 look how they massacred my attention span 
2758  Everyone’s A Critic 52 Week Movie Challenge Week 1: “A film that has won Best Picture”This is the first week of a 52 Week Challenge I will be attempting where every week of this year I will be watching a film I haven’t seen that fits the description of a certain challenge. More information hereWhen I saw this first challenge, I knew it had to be this one. It fit the criteria and I had never seen it. It…  
2759 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Ah si, la mejor película navideña que existe.Que se puede decir de esta maravilla que no se haya dicho antes, cuando la vi por primera vez, pensé que solo la historia era buena, ahora que la vuelvo a ver me doy cuenta de la verdadera belleza de película que siempre fue.La película muestra más una historia de familia, claro que involucra a la mafia, pero incluso esos mismos asuntos involucran a la familia, también me gustó mucho como…   
2760 Honestly, didn’t know what I was expecting in terms of quality. Don’t really get the hype at all. I am excited for part ll though. Want to see Michael fully in action! 
2761 Feliz año, abrazo. 
2762 sobbing uncontrollably over how good of a film this is, and the sexy dilfs (and pretty lady diane keaton) 
2763 i will never get bored of this movie. also the only thing i could pay attention to was michael 😍😍 
2764 manos é mt bom mesmo achei incrível a construção do michael ao longo do filme 
2765  The Godfather is such a colossal film in every sense of the word ​that having spent years rewatching it I often find myself most enamoured with its more intimate moments; Luca Brasi removing the bulletproof vest from beneath the bed of his cramped apartment; Michael realising his hands are steady whilst Enzo the baker’s shake following an attempted hit on his father at the hospital; Apollonia tripping along the dirt road as Michael reaches out to steady her; Sonny’s children…  
2766  When I decided to make watching movies with my wife the primary hobby of my life, I specifically set parameters for choosing our next movie that would avoid burning through all of the classics while we were still in our 20s. This was the primary movie I had in mind when I thought to do that, and I'm glad that I did. While we still ended up watching this at 27 years old, we put 850 or so movies under…  
2767 אבא שלי אומר לי כבר שנים לראות את הסרט הזה ואני לא מאמינה שראיתי אותו רק עכשיו 
2768 I think this will always be my favorite movie. I haven't seen a better movieUPDATE: This isnt my favorite movie anymore, but it will always be one of my favorites 
2769 In honor of the movie almost turned 50, I watched the entire movie from beginning to end. And it still hold up to this day. The performance, the writing, and the story was amazing. 
2770 אז (יועד קון) זו הפעם השלישית או הרביעית שאני צופה בסרט הזה ואני עדיין מת עליו!אה וכן אני עושה עכשיו ריווץ לכל הטרילוגיה וגרסת הבמאי של 3 שאני לא חושב שנחוצה אבל אתם יודעים...... 
2771 it’s the start of a new month which means it’s time to watch the godfather again 
2772  💯100%I’m going the full 100. It definitely got better upon rewatch. It’s considered the greatest movie ever made to many and I truly think it’s as good as that. While it’s not personally my #1, it’s firmly in my top 25, and even after what I said in my first review, this time around those little bothering don’t bug me anymore. Even though it’s almost 3 hours long it’s very rewatchable and engaging each time you watch it. That’s…  
2773 man the feelings this gives me 
2774 A movie so big we had to split the breakdown into parts.🎧 Podcast Breakdown Part 1 
2775 The baptism scene is still the best thing I’ve ever seen and I doubt anything will ever beat it. 
2776 hot girls for Tom hagen 
2777 Threw this on in the background last night only to be reminded that you don't just throw this movie on in the background. When it's in the vicinity, you watch. 
2778 what did we do to be able to watch this piece of art over the years? 
2779 Marlon Brando as The Godfather: stylish, calm, cool, collected, master criminal, family man, overall very cool guyMy godfather: looks like Fredo, sad, uncool, dead 
2780 Not sure what everyone’s problem is, I thought this was actually pretty good! 
2781  2012 marked the 40th anniversary of Francis Ford Coppola's classic. The Godfather is no longer a film, it is a myth. The characters — Vito Corleone, Michael, Sonny, Tom Hagen — and scenes are so well-know that the dialogue has become part of colloquial language. "I will make him an offer that he can't refuse", "It's not personal Sonny, it's strictly business", "Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes." These lines in themselves contain a world of meaning and don't require…  
2782 whenever michael corleone comes on screen i pee a little 
2783 AFI’S 100 YEARS... 100 MOVIES - 10th ANNIVERSARY EDITION #02 - As close to flawless as a film could be. There’s one punch Sonny misses by about three feet. Other than that it’s perfect.  My Rearranging of the AFI Top 100… on going… 
2784 The poster for this made me think that somebody was gonna kill his cat the whole movie. I thought that’s what the “look how they massacred my boy” meme was gonna be about. But the cat only shows up for like a minute in the beginning.Coppola RankedBest Picture Winners Ranked 
2785 Not only is this the greatest film of all time, it is one of my favorite movies of all time!Everything in this is perfect. I didn’t even feel the runtime and Al Pacino and Marlon Brando are incredible. 
2786  "Mr Brando, have you thought about how you're going to play the role of Vito Corleone, the titular Godfather, in this film?""Yes, I've decided that, as I'm playing the title character, it's only right that the audience can barely understand a single fucking word I say."Let's be honest, Marlon Brando is very bad in this film. It's impossible to take him seriously when he's made the active, egotistical decision to mumble all his lines in a ridiculously cartoonish…  
2787  MICHAEL CORLEONE'S MUTINOUS BEGINNING(Commemorating the 20th anniversary of one of my favorite video games of all time: Conker's Bad Fur Day)I had seen it years ago and had also read the book around the same time (I never finished it, by the way), but it wasn't until this quarantine I found out that back then I hadn't understood a damn about the narrative complexity of what's undoubtedly the greatest gem of American cinema (perhaps because of my personal…  
2788  "I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse."The Godfather is not only regarded as one of the best family crime-dramas of all time but one of the best films period.The Corleone family is so well-written from a character standpoint, as each member has a notable role. I love how it addresses themes of legacy, more notably with the progression of Michael Corleone.The ensemble cast is strong here between Marlon Brando's most iconic role as Vito Corleone,…  
2789 The restaurant and baptism scenes make me believe in a higher power. 
2790 Felt like this was the right film to watch on the first day of 2021 
2791 Popup ads for RuPaul’s Drag Race kept popping up and covering people’s faces it was awesome and added to the experienceThey should’ve added more Fredo into this movie as a comic relief character for the kids in the audience 
2792 sweet little family film 
2793 in nomine patris et filii et spiritus sancti 
2794 Cinema itself was born so that this film could exist. 
2795  9/10“That’s my family, Kay. It’s not me.”I haven’t watched this film in years and a rewatch was definitely long overdue. This movie is just great from start to finish. When it comes down to it, it’s very tragic story about Michael Corleone. He starts as a war hero with a nice girlfriend and a tame lifestyle. However, as the mob’s war goes on, he gets sucked in and becomes more and more like something he wanted to stay…  
2796 i actually kinda enjoyed this </3 the filmbros won 
2797 Pretty lame that I wasn't born as an Italian Mobster in the 50s. There is absolutely nothing I can say about The Godfather that hasn't already been said before other than it's one of those few classic movies that 100% lives up to its reputation as one of the greatest films ever made. Absolutely flawless in every single way and it's never boring for a second despite the 3 hour runtime. This is about as good as a movie can possibly get. But at the end of the day I'm gonna have to give it a 0/10 needed more scenes of Vito Corleone's cat. 
2798 today was a pretty shitty day so the last thing keeping me sane is michael corleone 
2799 "leave the gun, take the cannoli!"that's how it's done 
2800 are you really italian if your dad didn’t try to scare you as a kid by telling you a horse head would be in your bed if you got in trouble 
2801  Ich hab ihn endlich gesehen! Den Paten! Und WOW! War der gut. Dieser Film ist brilliant, brillianter und am brilliantesten! Die Charaktere funktionieren und entwickeln sich nachvollziehbar, die Story ist perfekt und fesselt die ganzen drei Stunden über. Der Film ist hart und hält be jeglicher Gewalt drauf, was dann nochmal Nachdruck gibt, wie hart und brutal das Leben in der Mafia und die Mafia an sich sein kann. Dieser Film ist vielschichtig und schonungslos, unterhaltsam und ikonisch. Das Schauspiel…  
2802 The Michael-in-Sicily segment is the only thing holding this back from five stars- and there's a good chance I'll end up bumping my rating up at some point regardless. This is the perfect marriage of artistry and entertainment and I'm so glad to have finally gotten around to it. 
2803  A startling and beautiful Italian mob epic, with phenomenal performances, told with stellar direction and vision, the pacing is excellent and the story is interesting and captivating. The mood and whole feeling that surrounds the film only works to further its excellence. The sets and production value also only add to the overall nature of the film as well as the stellar score and visuals. It’s practically in my blood to watch and love this film since my family immigrated…  
2804  Tell me how just one 50 second Al Pacino scene from Jack & Jill entitled "Dunkaccino" can bring me out of the entirety of this masterpiece... Yeah, the hype is real, it's really good. Watched with Russian subtitles for my dad, making it so I had no idea what anyone said in Italian. I assume they were all saying "wow this Brando guy is pretty good, But Pacino? Now that guy is made for comedy, I just look at the guy…  
2805 I finally saw it and what a experience just captivating! 
2806 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Ok so I finally got around to watching this and wow does it live up to the hype I thought the Irishman was great but this is the Irishman times 20! I can’t even express how insanely captivating this movie is to watch. I had no idea what the story was going on so when The unstoppable and godly “Godfather” is shot five times early in the movie I knew I was in for a ride. God what an amazing movie.  
2807 now the story of a wealthy family - who lost everything. And the one son who had no choice but to keep them all together. 
2808 doesn't take a genius to know that if a film can keep your undivided attention for close to three hours, it must either be close to or an absolute masterwork. brando literally steals the show from the first second onwards, and every scene with him oozes of cinematic excellence. it's just simply that good 
2809 don corleone looked like he wanted to cry 24/7 
2810 93%it’s the godfather. end of review 
2811 La película se llama El Padrino pero en realidad es sobre el padre de todas las películas de gangsters 
2812 Pretty great, but I dunno if it tops the masterpiece that is Steve Oedekerk's "The Godthumb". 
2813 Watching this beast in theaters for the first time was a phenomenal experience. Still remains on the greatest American epics ever created and will forever stand the test of the time. Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.  
2814 young al pacino OH MY GOD 
2815 Few films are as vital to cinematic history as The Godfather. What an absolute classic. What I find so impressive, beyond the filmmaking itself, is how absolutely perfect this team is. From Coppola, to Brando, to Pacino, to Caan, to Gordon Willis, and beyond, every person attached to this film was absolutely perfect for the project. That doesn't happen often in film, and it's so satisfying to rewatch this knowing all of these masters put their heart and soul into this film. 
2816 A movie about friendship, neighbors and neighborhoods, marriage, siblings, parenthood, the import-export business, corrupt cops, veterans returning home, courtships interrupted, cats, hospitals in the 1940s, post-war Sicily, weddings, funerals, honoring commitments, Italian food, Chinese food, Christmas, New York in the 1940s, Las Vegas in the 1950s, grandparents, the Sunday dinner, the newspaper business, criminal law, real estate law, the entertainment industry, Hollywood in the 1940s, hopes, dreams, loves, lost loves, music, prize horses, oranges. 
2817 Величие. 
2818 You can find me where I am every Thanksgiving.Watching The Family with My Family.“A man who never spends time with his family, can never be a real man.”Happy Thanksgiving! 
2819  Re-watched it for my Screenwriting, Directing, and Editing courses.Yeah, it's definitely amazing. The best film I've ever seen. It deserves all praises and then some. It has so many iconic scenes, from the famous "horse head" scene to the ending shootings while the children are baptized to Luca Brasi's death (that one scared me when I first saw it, because it was so disturbingly quiet) to the restaurant shooting, I could go on.The characters are all so well…  
2820 it only took me 23 years, but now I can officially not be bullied about not having watched this. it’s insanely well-directed and there's great performances. apart from everything amazing about this film I still do think it is a bit over hyped, which i sort of expected . anyways it’s still a great film and i’ve officially entered The Godfather club. 
2821 Sometimes you realise you've seen so many references to and parodies of a film, that when you finally watch it, the brain only goes:ITALIAN-AMERICANS. YOU COME TO ME, ON THE DAY OF MY DAUGHTER'S WEDDING. SWIMMING WITH THE FISHES. BADA BING BADA BOOM. LOOK HOW THEY MASSACRED MY BOY...and most importantly 'YOUNG AL PACINO HOT'.These are about the most clear thoughts you're gonna get from me. 
2822 To describe Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather, in my humble opinion, is to quote Bernard Herrmann when he spoke of Martin Scorsese's Mean Streets:"He does it like Italian opera."Violence, betrayal, romance; it is all on display in what is easily one of the most incredible crime epics in all of film. Elegantly shot by the great Gordon Willis, scored by that great maestro Nino Rota, and starring a marvelous cast, Coppola translates Mario Puzo's chronicle of the Corleone family to the Silver Screen with great beauty, and great brutality. A true masterpiece if there ever was one. 
2823 michael corleone.... had it not been for the fact that you're fictional, i would have married you 
2824  I expected to be bored and disappointed by this film. I thought that no film is worth the amount of praise that this movie has gotten, but after watching The Godfather for the first time, I can absolutely say that it is worth all the praise it can get.“You talk about vengeance. Is vengeance going to bring your son back to you? Or my boy to me?”The writing is impeccable and that is backed by incredible performances from…  
2825 this movie was so captivating. i love the juxtaposition of vito’s desire to be a family man yet has no problem going out and threatening his enemies - in the name of the family of course.  he’s truly such a captivating character and this movie surprisingly has a lot of heart despite its harsh and heavy plot/ concept. and marlon brando petting a cat while talking about negotiating a murder was truly amazing. 
2826 Masterpiece. But that James Caan fight sequence is terrible, he's out here punching nothing but air. This is what I did this morning and that's all I have to say 
2827 al pacino hot 
2828 Cinematic perfection at its finest. 
2829 sonny with a chance??? more like sonny didn't have a chance. am i right ladies!! 
2830 What a filmè. 
2831  I thought long and hard on how I want to word my love for The Godfather. I didn't want to say something that has already been said, yet it's so hard not to. Everything technically and thematically about this film has already been said. Everything is damn near flawless, through stunning execution for one of the masters of cinema, Francis Ford Coppola. The generational themes of how mistakes are repeated, and the "do what I say, not what I do"…  
2832 Werk. 
2833 Most people seem to prefer "The Godfather: Part ll", but this one is my favorite. I love Marlon Brando, and I love Al Pacino's slow transformation from good guy to bad guy. Also, I love the scene in the beginning where Marlon Brando is sitting at his desk and the cat is in his lap grabbing at his hands, wanting to play. That cat totally steals the scene! :D 
2834  What do I have to say about "The Godfather" that hasn't been said before? Whether it's the iconic score, riveting storytelling, brisk pacing, stellar direction, beautiful cinematography, the unbelievable tension and unpredictability, pitch perfect screenplay with so much gripping dialogue and most importantly the unforgettable performances and characters, this is truly not only about as flawless and as much of a masterpiece as the mobster genre, but film in general. And a lot of that is also thanks to how…  
2835  Michael's descent seems abrupt until you notice how his eyes drop as he tells Kay about the bandleader. And then he finishes it with "that's a true story." In that caesura, you can already see the man who will stare and consider and regret his decisions at Lake Tahoe. Michael himself certainly sees that man when he makes his fatal decision at the restaurant, his eyes darting around, cycling through the decades of feelings and family lessons that led him…  
2836 I listened to the director's commentary this time and it was well worth it. Coppola shares gems of information that I hadn't heard before and it was interesting to hear the real life drama playing out while filming was going on. 
2837  Classics are so fucking hard to review. What can I possibly say about this film that you don't already know? All you have to do is look at my rating and you can easily guess why I rated it so. If I was giving it 1 star then maybe I'd have something to add, but I didn't... so I don't.I will say though that this is a lot more restrained then I was anticipating. Having watched a good chunk…  
2838  "But I never wanted this for you. I worked my whole life. I don't apologize for taking care for my family. And I refused to be a fool, dancing on a string held by all those big shots. I dont apologize, that's my life but I thought that..when it was your time, you would be the one to hold the strings."That conversation between Michael and Vito in the garden, before the eventual demise of the Don himself a scene…  
2839  How does one begin to describe a film like The Godfather? Many call it a "masterpiece," and I disagree with them. A masterpiece implies perfection and, in my opinion, no film will ever achieve perfection. But The Godfather comes pretty damn close.Most already know the story of The Godfather. It's a narrative that's complex, yet simple and it's story that's fluid and interesting. It's complicated, but the story is told with such ease, it's like watching a master artist…  
2840 Wanted to watch the first half and go to bed. Watched the entire thing and am seriously considering putting part II on.I guess that says it all. 
2841  I love this movie. The theme of the aging patriarch Don Vito Corleone as he tries to maintain his way of life in a changing world could be about any family business and not just the mafia. He has aspirations for his family but is forced to realize they many not come true during his time. This is one of the best ensemble casts ever and it is impossible to single out just one performance…Marlon Brando, James Caan, Al Pacino,…  
2842 I started watching this in like september butThen my dad randomly turned of this film So Now i finally finished this masterpiece The characters are perfect the soundtrack is Also perfect and the pace to i felt pretty bad About every character to mostly apollonia(Watch this masterpiece) 
2843  MARLON MOTHER FUCKIN BRANDO..😮‍💨😮‍💨    AL MOTHER FUCKIN PACINO 😮‍💨😮‍💨     The fact that Don Vito pulled off one of the most greatest and complex characters I’ve seen in a film just blows my mind. He was the perfect portrayal of a good family man, and a stern but very elegant organized criminal! This truly has to be some of the best screenplay I’ve ever seen!   The whole set up and writing for Michael, becoming the new…  
2844 Вот оно, величие кинематографа.Настоящий шедевр Френсиса Форда Копполы, Лучшая актёрская игра Аль Пачино и Марлона Брандо, ахуенные твисты, лучший сюжет, и отвал ебла в 3 акте. Блять ну 3 акт это просто пиздец нахуй, я смотрел с окритим ебалом. А так же ахуй саундтрек тут, Да шедевр ебанный, что тут можно говорить. 
2845 In younger days -- before properly understanding that film is a visual medium -- I used to think that the Godfather was overrated. Now that I know how to look at a movie as a visual experience I can safely say that the Godfather is close to being an absolute masterpiece. The cinematography here by Gordon Willis is extraordinary. 
2846  Do you spend time with your family ?C'est mon 3ème visionnage et j'aime énormément ce film, et je l'ai encore plus aimé cette fois. La première partie est une introduction et pas des moindres, on nous introduit dans un monde déjà bâtie, un après-guerre où la famille Corleone a une grande renommée et où son parrain Don Vito est un homme des plus respectés, on suit leurs affaires après le mariage de sa fille et je n'arrive pas à…  
2847  I finally watched this movie after many years of wanting to. This is definitely as good as everyone says it is. It may be quite long to some people, but it isn’t to me. I was engaged for the whole movie. Marlon Brando is definitely my favorite performance in this movie. He does such a phenomenal job. Al Pacino is a close second. The story is very well structured and engaging. The score is phenomenal.The cinematography is also really…  
2848 a movie 
2849  Não é nada pessoal, apenas negócios Filmaço, onde o Poderoso Chefão comanda sua máfia italiana composta por seus familiares e pessoas de confiança com o qual ele troca favores para aumentar sua influência e poder, mas assim como Cidade de Deus e Gta, a cidade é muito grande e repleta de gangues, pequenas famílias, grandes negócios, e nada é pessoal!E o dinheiro é a causa de todos os problemas e soluções, mas quanto custa a vida das pessoas q…  
2850 es daemarta chem natlia tariels 
2851 Not even kidding when I say that not a single woman I've ever talked to like this movie. 
2852 Começa com o Don Corleone fazendo carinho em um gato, logo, o filme é perfeito. 
2853 Movie is good, but as Peter Griffin once said, “I did not care for The Godfather”Inspirational quote. 
2854  A masterpiece so towering and enthralling that having finally seen it, I'm kinda ticked that my professor picked and chose certain scenes to play in class beforehand to emphasize Nino Rota's score (or lack thereof), if only because I didn't first experience them in their proper context. In retrospect, I understand showing the opening titles and the horse's head—it happens fairly early on, it's a well-known shock, and Rota executes the ominous buildup well before stopping hard for Woltz's scream…  
2855 I asked Soph to start calling me Don Holmes, she said no 
2856 for some reason my family had this on at 9 am 
2857 Young Al Pacino I'd do anything for you fr 
2858 drank so much while watching this i started seeing the hat man instead of the godfather 
2859 Did not pay attention. Was stating how hot Michael is for 3 hours 
2860  best movie of all time my fucking ass but still wow that was incredible. truly a relic of american cinema. first watch at an independent theater all alone rly living out the manic pixie dream girl fantasy that i’m a little embarrassed to still have at my big age.. was hoping someone would go up to me during the credits and be like “hey… u like al pacino?” and then we would chat it up about our favorite al pacino…  
2861 WHAT IT MEANS TO LEAVE THE GUN AND TAKE THE CANNOLI 
2862 Good movie, not my favorite gangster movie, but definitely good. Part in Sicily is a bit too slow. Mostly Everything else is very great. 
2863 The new 4K restoration looks incredible. That warm glow that’s all over the film is even more pronounced. Like watching an old family photograph come to life—bringing out all of its particular melancholy feelings. Of course that beauty is masterfully contrasted by the violence. With many classics like this it’s another case of what’s been said has been said and there’s nothing more to be said. 
2864 Happy 50th Birthday to the greatest movie of all time. It’s a Sicilian message. It means Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes.          Bada-bing! 
2865 EN EL CINE 🛐 
2866  MoeMents Community-Weekend Letterboxd Community Film-Gala - 18.03.-20.03.2022 presented by  Martin KostenzerDa ist er nun, der Film der Filme. Das Meisterwerk! Platz 4 auf Letterboxd mit 4,5Platz 2 auf IMDB mit 9,211 Oscar Nominierungen (3 davon für bester Nebendarsteller)3 Gewonnene Oscars (alles Big 5 Kategorien)50 Jahre Filmgeschichte auf den Schultern eines Films...Ich saß gestern mit meinen Zwei liebsten Kino Buddies im Saal und wir sahen uns 3 Stunden legendäres New Hollywood Cinema an und wir…  
2867 help i couldnt tell what was goin awn. also this felt like the longest movie on earth 
2868 Sometimes you get to watch your favorite movie on the biggest screen around and that’s pretty cool 
2869 saw 50th anniversary remaster at the orpheum with my main movie man dieter smith. i ate a big popcorn, choc top and maltesers before the movie started and spent the whole movie holding my stomach, incredibly nauseous 
2870  What’s left to say about The Godfather? It’s great.Fun story: the first time I ever saw the film I’d asked my mum if I could see it and she, generously, bought me a VHS trilogy box set. However, for some unknown reason the first two VHS tapes featured “The Godfather: The Complete Novel for Television.” So instead of the first two films as we know them I had the two films re-edited in chronological story order which is how…  
2871 I did not care for The Godfather. It insists upon itself 🤌🏼 
2872  “I’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse” -This has to be one of the best days I’ve ever had, Since I’m trying to make it in the film industry, This is a good day I watched The Godfather in the cinema with, Brand new quality, Lots of speakers and lots of Old people, I can’t say much about this film, It’s one of the greatest of all time the acting in this is given 100%, The legendary…  
2873  In a scene, Michael has gone to see his father after he has been shot and is in the hospital; security is gone, the hall is empty and Michael knows there is going to be another attempt on his father’s life. Before this, Michael has sworn to stay out of the “family business.” Here he is in a supply closet after hearing footsteps (which turn out to be Enzo the baker). His face is divided — at this moment, he…  
2874 watched this remastered in dolby for the 50th anniversary release....my godfeels like i was watching it for the very first time again like everything about it is so perfect !!!! rewatching this makes me forget the crimes francis ford coppola committed against humanity (godfather part 3) 
2875  This film hits all the marks without resulting to cheap gore and over the top performances. One really does feel as if they are a part of the Corleone family. Coppola managed to take a concept as dark and dangerous as the mob and humanize it, creating a full-circle story that makes the viewer feel pain, joy, familial bonds, anger, justice and injustice, throughout. Paired with his incredible storytelling are the performances of everyone in the cast; so strong and…  
2876 https://youtu.be/mwotJ51-TWIEDIT: upon contemplating this in my brain for a while, this movie is actually like pretty good i think. i just think the first two hours are very boring and also i had some other problems. i’ll keep this video here because it’s funny tho 
2877 הסרט הזה נתן לי הצעה אליה אני לא יכול לסרב. 
2878 Is this what Zootopia referenced?? 
2879 For my 2,000th film on Letterboxd, I tried to find a virtually unknown film and shed some light on it, so hopefully it could get a little more recognition. As it turns out, the 1972 mafia drama The Godfather is pretty good, with great turns from all involved, especially Brando and Pacino in the leading roles. I won't say more to preserve the mystery of the narrative, but overall, it's quite a picture. 
2880  Das lange Warten hat sich gelohnt. Im (fast) vollständigen Umkreis meiner Liebsten, mit einem gemeinsamen Abendessen und ein paar belebten Gesprächen zeremonierend, dass nun endlich der Tag gekommen war, an dem meine weitgeöffneten, erwartungsvollen Augen The Godfather erblicken würden. Ich denke auf keinem Film lastet solch eine Bürde, wie auf diesem hier. Dafür ist allein Letterboxd schon ein Paradebeispiel. Eine Durchschnittswertung von 4.6, was bei knapp 600.000 Sichtungen eigentlich undenkbar ist. Ein Blick auf die Reviews, die einen halben Stern vergeben…  
2881 baby's first godfather where do i begin?to tell the story of how much '70s al pacino means to methe simple truth about the love he brings to mewhere do i start? 
2882  Look, this is a classic and everything, and I absolutely see why. It's technically brilliant. A masterclass in building tension. The scenes are gorgeously paced, something I feel I should now come to expect from FF Coppola. It's a great film to study, so from a film student point of view, I could justify every second I spent on this. But apart from that, just for the story? To say it's past its time is an understatement. It's disgustingly sexist,…  
2883  Road to CodaI don’t know how many times I’ve seen this fill to be completely honest with you. I’ve lost count. It’s a sprawling, brutal, emotional, and addictive epic that, to this day, continues to stand the test of time. From the use of natural light to increase the omnipotence of Marlon Brando’s Vito, or the beautiful score from Nino Rota, there is truly so much to ‘The Godfather’. It’s difficult to find films that are so mind-numbingly impressive…  
2884  “because i believe this drug business is gonna destroy us in the years to come. i mean, it's not like gambling or liquor, even women, which is something that most people want nowadays, and it's forbidden to them by the church.”so much foreshadowing in that scene, especially after that quote, but i’m trying to avoid spoilers so that’s all i’ll say regarding that. at its core, The Godfather is a family film. that’s why it was fitting for me…  
2885 transsexual 
2886 Pretty much unreviewable. Like posting a review of the Grand Canyon on TripAdvisor. 
2887  1000th logged film!!!! (yay!! 🎉🎉)So this is not really a review so much as just some afterthoughts.This is my first watch ever, and besides the obvious popular pop culture references, I had no idea what I was getting myself into. Not a clue regarding the actors nor the story and I must say what a ride, what an amazing movie.First of all, I must admit I wasn't completely invested in the story but that's actually more of…  
2888 Me hearing the “would you like me better if I was Ingrid Bergman” line a year ago:🙂😐😴Me hearing the “would you like me better if I was Ingrid Bergman” line today: 🤭😦🤯 
2889 This was supposed to be good? 
2890 “They might like a story like that” Italian excellence and original sin. the baptism scene is what movies were invented for. that’s about all i’ve got 
2891 Sometimes you have show your girlfriend this one 
2892  happy 700th movie! 🥳up until now i always thought marlon brando was holding a chicken on the poster. apparently it's a cat? at about the hour and thirty minute mark my mom walked into my room and demanded to watch "the firm" with me (which she insisted i would love, while i actually thought it was a horrible movie!). so after that brief 2 and a half hour long intermission, i went back to the godfather. really wish i…  
2893 3 hours and not a single Italian hand gesture.Talk about false advertising 
2894 i ❤️ cinema 
2895 “Leave the gun. Take the cannoli.”The definitive gangster film. The Godfather is a film I should’ve seen years ago, it’s absolutely legendary. Went in with very high expectations, and I wasn’t disappointed.Marlon Brando and Al Pacino give phenomenal performances here. They absolutely carry any scene they’re in. The writing is fantastic; this almost 3 hour film never feels convoluted and no scene feels unnecessary. I’m glad I finally got around to The Godfather, it’s safe to say that it’s a masterpiece. On to part 2! 
2896 bruh maybe im just not in the right mood but this wasn’t really my thing. i find it extremely boring when a director refuses to experiment with the camera or with the cinematic medium 
2897 One of Coppola's masterpieces, for sure. With a gleaming, star-studded cast that all deliver on their performances, and an engaging, gritty, unapologetic story that - ultimately - tends toward the bleak. As a movie about the mafia should. 
2898 the scene where the priest asks michael if he renounces satan & he does and it cuts to all the killing scenes. a big fat mood 
2899 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   If this was compared to Goodfellas, Goodfellas would be a masterpiece.Now, this film isn't poorly made, it is actually a well-made film. However, there is one little thing that is not the best in this film, and that is everything else. Let's start with the first glaring mistake: it being overlong and poorly-paced. With 120 minutes left in the film, our main protagonist makes his move for revenge on the person who killed his fiancee. Our protagonist beats him…   
2900 All due respect, Don Corleone, but if this movie proves anything it's that women, contrary to what you say, really cannot afford to be careless.It's unsettling how much this now plays like a diagnosis of America's present state of crisis. Scenes feel like they were written just this month as a commentary.But Keaton's hair remains firmly rooted in the '40s. 
2901 Seeing one of my all time favorite movies on the big screen in my favorite city in the world is the best birthday gift I could ask for. 
2902 Finally i've earned the "this is cinema 🚬" pass.No quiero sonar pedante pero es que merece tan alta nota. Recorremos la vida de la familia Corleone en un metraje de 3horas que se me han hecho muy amenas e interesantes. Está llena de momentazos, donde la tensión y el asombro se contagian al espectador. La parte de Italia tiene una belleza campechana muy chula, y Vitto Corleone es majísimo. 
2903 I don't know what to say about this, but this is PEAK 
2904 Was... was willst du mit dem Gemüse? - Corleone über einen monströsen Blumenstrauß 
2905 You guys aren’t gonna believe this… 
2906 The Michael/Fredo relationship and arc is so gut wrenching and painful. 
2907  I finally watched The Movie and unfortunately it was good. admittedly i watched it in 2 sittings because it's too damn long and i got sleepy. it may have started a bit slow but it's the type of movie that gets progressively better all the way up to the last second. I liked the parallel portrayal of Vito's deteriorating health and becoming a silly fragile old man that cares about his family more than anything and easily passes the mantle…  
2908 rewatched because al pacino is so sexy 
2909 “i’m gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse”give my dog a little bit of cheese so he gives me back my sock 
2910  The use of silhouettes and shadows in here (especially in how they reflect Michael’s descent into the world of organized crime) is just masterful. An extraordinary achievement that’s earned every ounce of its praise. “I believe in America”, so says the films opening line. The Godfather is a movie that believes in America for what it is: a land of cyclical violence that leaves no victors or heroes, just corpses. Like so many great pieces of art (from classic literature…  
2911 Just a tad late.. 
2912 Love showing classics to Patrick and hearing what he picks up on. For instance: “OHH!! Look at the gladiolus!” 
2913 The Gyattfather is a 2h55m-long exercise in plot edging 
2914 Que dire de plus à part Al Pacino ce roi ? C'est pas trop mon genre de film mais ça va j'ai bien apprécié, après ça tape pas non plus le top 10.Je met "que" 4 mais c'est un bon 4 m'insultez pas.PS : Merci le papi qui spoil tous les évènements du film 30 secondes avant que cela arrive mdr... 
2915 quel chef d'oeuvre 
2916 “Well, let me tell you something, my kraut-mick friend…”There is nothing that I could possibly say about this masterpiece that is not yet said. Every performance is amazing, every character shines. Mandatory viewing for everyone. 
2917 nemojte ocekivat da cu ista povezat i pratit ako je u kombi napusenost i umor 
2918 Agora eu sei o motivo deste filme ter a reputação que tem. O Poderoso Chefão é espetacular só pelo fato de me fazer empatizar com uma família mafiosos perigosos. Além disso, é muito imersivo, bem ritmado e desenvolve seus personagens de um jeito impecável; especialmente Michael e Don Corleone, que só se tornam cada vez mais interessantes ao desenrolar do filme. 
2919 I thought this movie was about old men yaoi:/ 
2920 There I finally watched it 
2921 I can’t believe nobody ever recommended this movie to me, I would’ve watched it way sooner if I knew it was good, fuck. 
2922 My eyes see 5 stars 
2923 Damn it really do be as good as they say 
2924 Watching more indie films. Youguys ever heard of this one? It's not bad. 
2925 the first cannoli-type film 
2926 Hey this is pretty cool. They should make another one 
2927 why didn’t they call him goddaddy… 😅🤤 
2928 Quiere decir que ahora sí entro al club cinéfilo. Gracias, buenas noches. 
2929 It’s the guy from zootopia 
2930  It took long enough to happen, but here we are. I finally watched The Godfather. I have no clue where to begin. Genuinely. I feel like anything I attempt to say won’t even do this movie justice on what this viewing experience was like for me. For me, The Godfather transcends storytelling as a visual art by creating a real, vicarious, utterly compelling narrative. Everything in this film fits, like a 175 minute puzzle where all the pieces work together…  
2931 =All right, you just shot them both. Now what do you do?-Sit down and finish my dinner. 
2932  “Would you like me more if I were Ingrid Bergman?”“Now there's a thought...”Even though I was fairly confident going into it that I would enjoy the film, I did have some scepticism around just how much that enjoyment would stretch. I've got to say I am thoroughly impressed! This was considerably more engaging and interesting of a story than I had anticipated it being and the 2 hours and 55 minutes flew by with relative ease. There's not…  
2933 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  That one "All your favorite characters will be unceremoniously dispatched" tweet but with Don Corleone playing in the garden with his grandson  
2934 had to show this to my bf he’s so uneducated 
2935 Some movies are so iconic and recognizable that you pretty much know every scene, frame, line of dialog before you ever watch it. Films like this, 2001, 12 Angry Men, Citizen Kane etc. thankfully I watched the Godfather Trilogy as a kid so I didn’t have it ruined and I’m thankful for that, because these movies really are something special. They are slightly overhyped but a great movie is a great movie no matter how you crack it. 
2936 The Godfather is a cinematic masterpiece that weaves a gripping tale of power, family, and consequences. With iconic performances by Marlon Brando and Al Pacino, coupled with atmospheric cinematography and a haunting score, the film sets the standard for excellence in storytelling and remains an immortal classic in the realm of cinema. Also very little known fact Francis Ford coppola is Nicholas cage and Jason's schwartsmans uncle 
2937  it's not a perfect movie, but it's quite good and quite enjoyable. not a terrible way to start the year i'd say. there's a lot about this film that is strong. do i need to tell you that? i mean i'm coming here over 50 years late with this review to tell you that a widely-beloved classic is good. i guess that's somewhat uncommon actually since i tend to find a lot of the classics in the typical western film…  
2938 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Sonny Corleone man. There's something so captivating about his character that I'm addicted to every time I watch this, which is a lot. From the moment you meet him you can tell his downfall is right around the corner. The way he bites his fist after hearing that Carlo's done it again. It's obvious that it's over for him as soon as he races for the car. Himself and Fredo are two sides of the same coin, both too emotional for the lives they lead. James Caan is fucking explosive man. Touch my sistah again I'll kill ya.  
2939  In my top 10-15 movies rn (was already probably just been a long time) It is difficult to design a story that makes its audience commiserate with a person of wicked and sinful nature and the godfather executed that amazingly. We also know that the way to reach a complete state of evil is not an instant choice but a slow and dark burning process within a person’s soul. I find it interesting that Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather (1972)…  
2940  A decade in the life of a nice Italian-American family in New York.Sweeping, grandiose, and intimate. Violence begets violence, revenge begets revenge, the good are corrupted. The old story.The passage of time is surprising every time I watch this. Thirty minutes spent on a single wedding then jump after jump after jump.A quibble: Luca Brasi is Don Corleone's chief enforcer, the one person that could not be stopped from vengeance if the Don were to be murdered,…  
2941 My kind of Christmas movie. Yes, I said it. Give me Die Hard and Eyes Wide Shut all you want… I’m rocking with the Corleones 
2942 tô me sentindo a pessoa mais burra do mundo 
2943 a bit hard to concentrate while looking at those deep dreamy eyes of al pacino but ok 
2944 אוקי ראיתי הסנדק, עכשיו אני רשמית גבר!The Greatest Movies of All Time 
2945  The Godfather is a sleazy grime-fest of a crime narrative; a self-contained epic wherein tribalistic feuds, familial pride and short tempers reign supreme. The Godfather is methodical in its 3h runtime, letting its audience learn the ins and outs of the Corleone family; the hierarchy of the patriarchs, their loyalties, their motivations, so on and so forth. While intricate detail for each and every character is spared, inspired casting and pragmatic acting from the entire cast lends the fictional family a…  
2946 😮‍💨 no words. Ready for PART 2! 
2947  I recently read the novel and I know “you shouldn’t compare movies and books” but genuinely this is better in every possible way. It’s fascinating because it’s a really faithful adaptation, yet Coppola adds so much lyricism and weight to every single moment. While I do think Puzo deserves credit for fashioning so much of this world, his novel has no sense of character (spending so much pointless time with Johnny Fontaine) and certainly almost nothing of metaphor. I know…  
2948  What more can be said about The Godfather other than it is nothing short of a masterwork. The casting is perfect. Marlon Brando is the perfect actor for Don Vito Corleone. He physically embodies the part. His smooth voice, mustache and his calm but dangerous demeanor compliments the character. Al Pacino was a fresh face at this time and I think that it was the right move to choose an unknown actor for the role of Michael. James Caan, Robert…  
2949 this actually gagged me so hard like my jaw physically dropped during some parts 😭 ik i looked insane on this flight 
2950 i love the baptism scene, which is a completely new and original thought that no one else has 
2951 You don’t need my ramblings about this film everyone knows it’s not only one of the best mafia films ever made but just one of the best films ever made.So go on leave this review honestly I can’t add anything.Why are you still here? 
2952 a man who doesn´t spend time with his family can never be a real man  
2953 Worst price of trash I have ever seen, no wonder everyone hates it. 0/10 would NOT recommend! 
2954  It took me two rewatches to see the absolute majestic stuff in this that the majority of cinephiles in here have been praising. During my initial watch, I found the plot a bit dull and remembering so many names and faces tiresome but this time everything connected with me. The characters are all super entertaining to watch and perfectly casted although the actress who played Connie was a bit cartoonish with her performance. This is the kind of raw filmmaking…  
2955 Quickest 3 hours of my life. Continues to be one of the best movies I’ve ever seen. I absolutely love every second. Idk how Coppola made this honestly after seeing his previous films now. The guys back was against the wall, didn’t even want to make the movie in the first place, and he ends up making arguably the greatest movie of all time. Incredible. 
2956 I can finally say I’ve seen The Godfather! What can you say about a film like this? It’s been parodied and referenced so heavily in pop culture that I knew many of the plot points before going in, but I still thoroughly enjoyed it. Every performance is terrific, and Coppola is an absolute genius with the directing. This film is gorgeous, and the story itself is thrilling to watch. I had some issues with the pacing around the two hour mark, but it soon got back on track and delivered a fantastic ending.Filling in my Pop Culture Blind Spots. 
2957 Não sei porque demorei tanto para assistir esse, achei que era superestimado demais e tal, mas me surpreendi e realmente é um dos melhores filmes que já vi. Achei tudo tão bem construído e dramático, não espera que me prenderia do inicio ao fim. Da para entender o porque dele ser tão referenciado em obras que envolve máfia e famílias italianas. Sem contar na atuação perfeita do Marlon Brando, pra mim o melhor de todos nesse primeiro filme. 
2958 It’s The Godfather, do i need to say more? 
2959 Um... this is pretty good you guys. 
2960 Overrated as fuck in my opinionVu au cinéma ✅ 
2961 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Took a while but I can finally give this a perfect score, I still don’t think it’s perfect but it’s close. Finally Brando didn’t annoy me, still easily the weakest thing in this film but everything else is just so good. Al Pacino gives one of the best performances ever. It’s unbelievable how he plays this role. Even the scuffed fight between Sunny and Carlo doesn’t bother me as much.This film is perfect from the moment Don dies. From then till the end it…   
2962  O Padrinho" (The Godfather, 1972), realizado por Francis Ford Coppola, é um filme de crime épico que tornou-se uma obra-prima do cinema. Ao contar a estória da família Corleone, uma poderosa organização criminosa em Nova Iorque, o filme mergulha-nos num universo repleto de honra, vingança, lealdade e tradição de forma envolvente e emocionante. A realização magistral de Ford Coppola destaca-se ao apresentar um elenco de primeira, liderado pelo grande Marlon Brando e Al Pacino, que entregam actuações soberbas e marcantes. Cada…  
2963  Nennt mich jemanden, der keine Ahnung hat, aber ich finde den Film hart überbewertet, also alleinig schon mit der Aussage, dass dieser Film wenn nicht sogar der beste Film aller Zeiten sein soll (also abseits vom Nachfolger)...Ja, das Schauspiel, sowie die Story sind echt Wahnsinn! Auch die Filmmusik hat seine ikonischen Momente, was die Szenen schön umschmeichelt. Aber sonst... bin ich eher enttäuscht.Handwerklich finde ich den Film gut, aber nicht Meisterhaft. Andere Filme aus dieser Zeit haben mir…  
2964 day 64/1000the bro-iest movie probably everpost-Barbie it's actually quite irritating how man-driven it isdefinitely the most action-packed one out of the three 
2965 There just ain't anything better than this 
2966 Can’t believe I didn’t watch it until now!such a masterpieceIt's easy to see why this movie is considered to be one of the greatest movies of all time. 
2967  I was pretty worried that this movie was not going to live up to the hype, and while I was a little disappointed, i’m coming to appreciate what this film has to offer. The first act was genuinely amazing, setting up this interesting world of crime. Despite my issues with the second act, it was still solid. And the third act, well that was pretty good. Loved seeing Michael’s turn from the family outsider to the ruthless crime lord he…  
2968 This is up there with No Way Home !! 
2969 the film bros are gonna lose it over this. Al pacino is sexy tho. I've fallen asleep every time I try to watch this and I'm not afraid to admit that 
2970 mamma mia 
2971 Incredible. Such an unforgettably emotional experience too, every single frame drips with humanity and soul. Al Pacino gives the greatest screen performance of all time in Parts One and Two. 
2972 Just finished watching The Offer, and yeah, it's mostly a big pile of fan service-y half-truths, but it had enough genuine love for The Godfather to get me excited for another rewatch as soon as the final episode ended. 
2973 Michael Corleone is such a loser omg I love him so much 
2974 Ending the month off with one of THE greatest films of all time: The Godfather. A film that is so universally treasured. The performances, the music, the violence, the cinematography.  It’s all amazing after 50 years. A gritty, melancholy, timeless classic. 
2975 pacino party watching a pacino movie on pacino saturday.... the world is healing ❤❤ 
2976  Before I jump right into Part II, it's only natural that I rewatch the original.My first time was during my freshman year of college. I had to write an analysis on any classic film for my Cinema History class. So this was my choice. After all, it's one of those movies I just had to see. I distinctly remember renting the DVD from a video store and then figuring out the best presentation possible for me at the time.…  
2977 מתביישת שראיתי אותו רק עכשיו 
2978  𝑻𝒉𝒆 𝑮𝒐𝒅𝒇𝒂𝒕𝒉𝒆𝒓, 𝑨𝒏 𝒂𝒃𝒔𝒐𝒍𝒖𝒕𝒆 𝒎𝒂𝒔𝒕𝒆𝒓𝒑𝒊𝒆𝒄𝒆.Timeless masterpiece that focuses on the complex deep lives of gangsters and the environment around them. Although it is a 3 hour long film but it's also worth it every second. One of the certain things that caught my attention was that how every single character has a use, Movie nails the character development of everyone so god damn well, It's like every single new character introduced is important and necessary to the plot.Powerful…  
2979 happy 51st birthday to one of my favorite movies of all timei don’t think i’ll ever get tired of this movie, its story, and its characters. with each rewatch i find something new to fall in love with and gain an even deeper appreciation for it. despite all my gripes with the third installment, this will always be my favorite film series and i don’t think i’ll ever get over how it’s changed film-viewing for me. 🫶🏾 
2980 As of today, I have officially crossed the mark. The final frontier. I have logged 1,000 MOVIES ON LETTERBOXD!I've done it! WOOOO!As for this films rating....what can I say?Rating The Godfather 10/10? Look, it's nothing personal, no emotional connection, I didn't fall in love with it...it's just business.Only real flaw is I couldn't tell the difference between anyone for the first hour. They all look the same. 
2981  İki aydır The Godfather’ı okuyarak kafamı yoruyordum. Dün akşam kitabı bitirince taze taze filme de başlamak istedim. Zaten kitabı alırken de epey heyecanlıydım. Seriyi izlemeyen bir ben kalmışım gibi merak ettiğim için, çoğu kişi tarafından filmden önce kitabın okunması gerektiği yazılmış. Eğer kitabı okumasaydım filmi izlerken kesinlikle bir şeyler kapamayacak ve çoğu kısmını anlamayacaktım. Bir kere kitap çok detaylı olmasına rağmen filmde işleniş açısından bazı kısımlar eklenmemiş. kitap = film tadında olduğu için, süre zarfında bu film kitabın özeti niteliğinde…  
2982 Não fede nem cheira…superestimadissimo, filme lento, chato, perdi 3 horas nesse coco de filme, michael foi o único que fez eu continuar vendo essa abominação!Prefiro ver pepa pig doque ver esse filme denovo. 
2983 Perfection. 
2984 being catholic is just like that 
2985 i am going to be hunted for this but i didn’t enjoy this much. However i cannot deny it’s exquisite craftsmanship. yes i enjoyed Scarface more maybe due to my age so eventually i’ll revisit this and perhaps then i’ll be able to resonate with nearly everyone else in their adoration for The Godfather.  
2986  I doubt I have anything new to say about this film. It’s rather like visiting with an old friend.The best Mafia movies are often about something more than the Mafia, and this fits that criterion to a T. In fact, I would argue it’s not even a Mafia movie (Goodfellas is a Mafia movie). Made and released in the midst of Vietnam and Watergate, The Godfather is really about the corruption of The American Dream. The first line says…  
2987  "I'm gonna make him an offer he can’t refuse."I figured it was only fitting that I watched my 700th movie on my birthday lol. Yes, I have finally watched this absolute classic. And yes, it is indeed fantastic. I mean, do I even need to explain why really? After all, this is seen by many people to be one of the greatest, if not the greatest, movies ever made. And after watching it, it's not hard to see why…  
2988 Revue en 4K assez mauvais film jrevommande pas 👍 
2989 The greatest film of the 20th century 
2990  Obra maestra incontestable, que confirmó a Coppola como uno de los grandes directores de su generación. Luego sumó la segunda parte y Apocalipse now y pasó a ser de los grandes de siempre ¿Qué pudo pasar para que no haya hecho una película buena de verdad en casi tres décadas?Parte de un guión ejemplar, que convierte en epopeya la novela de Mario Puzzo, con un reparto pletórico, en especial Marlon Brando, que crea uno de los personajes más icónicos…  
2991 One of the good ones. 
2992 I went into this movie with the highest expectations possible, after everything I’ve heard about it actually being the greatest movie of all time and making every websites top 5 list.I really liked it but it was pretty slowed paced in the first 40 minutes and I do think it could’ve been shorter. It’s a great movie but it’s very overrated. 
2993  This film is amazing in every way possible. The film making is gorgeous, the screenplay is excellent, and the acting performances are full of passion. Right from the moment you start watching it, you feel integrated into the world. The Godfather showcases so much about family, politics, distrust, and changes over time. The character progression in this film, especially with Michael, feels organic and is shown so well. It’s interesting to see how Michael initially wants to be separated from…  
2994 al pacino. that's all. 
2995 leave the gun🤨 take the cannoli😊 
2996  Haven't watched this in years but oooh man, this was special. Funny how it always played every Christmas at like 10 on RTE and I just decided randomly to put it on. Finding it difficult to put into words how good The Godfather is. It's long but every frame is dripping with something special going on. Iconic images establishing a cinematic pulse that will have a lasting legacy. Opening with our Don Corleone stroking a feline, Luca Brazi's bulging eyeballs,…  
2997 Such a comforting piece of film, plot and performances. 
2998 SONNY ITS A TRAP! DONT GO AFTER CARLO! SONNY!!! 
2999 The greatest way to prepare you for the best movie ever made. (Potentially) 
3000 I don't think I can say anything that hasn't been said after watching this. One of the least controversial opinions when it comes to film is that The Godfather is an absolute masterpiece, and I can see why. Marlon Brando and Al Pacino give amazing performances here, and it's depictions of crime, power and corruption are breathtaking. I don't think I can say anything that hasn't already been said, except that I can't believe it took me this long to get around to it.The three hour runtime is perhaps the only detriment, but at least I was engaged throughout. 
3001 young, totally fuckable al pacino and robert de niro: *speak italian*me: you can make me an offer and i won't refuse 
3002 the transition between idealism to capitalism, between loyalty to family and loyalty to business. the most tragic film of a generation. 
3003 Vito Corleone - I am immigrant child, alone with nothing CUT TO:Michael Corleone - I run this family like a fucking corporation CUT TO: Vito Corleone - I'm Vito the hood legend CUT TO:Michael Corleone - I own stock in IBM, I own stock in AT&T 
3004 love that deniro sometimes does a brando impression and sometimes is simply robert deniro 
3005 don’t get me wrong it’s no shrek 2 but it sure is one of cinema’s finest sequels 
3006 bitches on Letterboxd see Al Pacino in this movie and be like "I can fix him" 
3007 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  yeah fredo died but young al pacino kissed him for like 5 seconds so really he was successful in this movie  
3008 someone tell michael he doesn't know how to eat an orange correctly,,, motherfucker bit into it like an apple i don't understand 
3009 Revenge is a dish best served with olive oil. 
3010 Michael did nothing wrong. He was dealing with trauma. 
3011 a lot of people will say this is a masterpiece, and you know what, i won't argue with them. but really this is a lesson from francis ford coppola about how young al pacino and young robert de niro are hot 
3012  It’s easy to assume that a complex plot is a sign of a great film. But the best films are deceptively simple in the same way that the greatest dancers make their movements look astonishingly easy. The Godfather creates its world so gracefully that we begin to think that it's a straightforward tale. But it's not simple to create a world so morally ambiguous, to introduce unforgettable characters, and to keep viewers fully cognizant of a plot so dense.The…  
3013 this really is a masterpiece and i'm not saying that just because i want both al pacino and de niro to murder me 
3014 young al pacino if you read this i’m free on thursday night and would like to hang out. please respond to this and then hang out with me on thursday night when i’m free 
3015 michael only smiles once in this film and it’s when his brother asks how to say banana daiquiri in spanish 🥺 
3016 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  top 10 anime betrayals  
3017 I thought there was just 1 murder daddy (Al Pacino) in this house, but there's 2 (Robert De Niro)... 
3018 This movie has more character development in the first 10 minutes than all of Christopher Nolan’s filmography put together sorry I don’t make the rules.edit: Oppenheimer now exists so idk how this statement holds up. 
3019 I have found God. It was a deeply emotional process, but none the less I have found him. And his name is Robert De Niro. 
3020 they really gave this film six Academy Awards and couldn't spare just one more for Al Pacino 
3021 yea uhm why the fuck didn‘t Al Pacino get an Oscar for the role of Michael Corleone?! 
3022 Could use 10% more Frankie Pentangeli but other than that pretty great. 
3023 hmm is there anything hotter than young De Niro ripping apart pieces of bread with his bare hands 
3024 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Choosing to believe that Michael Corleone told his son that Fredo got eaten by a big fish  
3025 The sound of Pacino's screaming voice opens up my soul every time I hear it 
3026 sometimes you learn about a deep betrayal at the worst possible moment and it ruins any chance you had of enjoying a guy with a big hog that your brother wanted to show you 
3027 2 God 2 Father 
3028 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Two things:It's rude enough to close the door on Diane Keaton once. Why do you have to do it again?FOR FUCK SAKE, FREDO! YOU DON'T KNOW JOHNNY OLA AND ROTH! YOU DON'T KNOW THEM! Just say that to yourself in front of a mirror. I mean, holy damn, you were wrong. You aren't smart, you are "like dumb" as everyone says! YOU STUPID SON OF A BITCH!  
3029  “My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”With an accomplishment of hitting 2,000 followers I thought I'd celebrate with the biggest number 2 in history*, The Godfather Part 2. I was debating whether or not to rewatch The Godfather before watching this but I remembered all the important parts all ready and was anxious to watch this way more than rewatching the…  
3030 sure, this film is fine, but it's certainly no Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again (2018) 
3031 one of coppola's best works, second only to elle woods' harvard admissions tape 
3032 A lament for the father who died knowing he’d succeeded in taking a business and making it an irreplaceable part of his family and the son who subsequently took over and turned his family into a business. 
3033 3 and a half hours and I still never want it to end 
3034 Better than porn 
3035 the academy should have been permanently disbanded after they didn't give al pacino best actor for this movie 
3036  Making a sequel that can manage to live up to the expectations of the original is an achievement in itself. But when the original film is being universally hailed as the greatest motion picture ever made, measuring up to that same feat is undeniably a near impossible task. But then, that’s exactly what The Godfather Part II manages to accomplish by building upon the original in ways most sequels never dare to and is possibly the only film in existence…  
3037 it’s time for the girls to reclaim this movie from film bros. it literally has both al pacino and robert de niro at their peak hotness!! and the scene where al pacino sucks on an orange!!! yeah the plot and stuff is good i guess but COME ON  
3038 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather: Part II is superior to the first film. Nothing lulls like the original, and the dual story is a genius conceit that allows new depth. It is more vague, stuck in history and not just a single fictional, self-contained story. The Godfather: Part II is a story with no borders, crossing decades, timelines, and without a beginning nor an end. It is richer and smarter and more complex than The Godfather, bringing real history, from the Cuban Revolution…   
3039 One of the best sequels ever to be made. 
3040  The Godfather is a film I’d call exceptional. It’s near-perfect on just about every level. The acting is strong, the filmmaking is top notch, and the characters, dialogue, and narrative are all very much captivating. Deliberately paced for sure, but the film utilizes its slow pace to its full potential, all building up to what is a strong contender for one of the most memorable endings I’ve ever seen.As for The Godfather Part II, I’m not going to lie, but…  
3041  al pacino represents fire to me.slowly smoldering fire to be clear. latter day pacino can yell and bellow with the best of them but he made his name with the indication of malice, rather than the storm of it. his eyes burned in the godfathers and that's all we needed. it was understood that a supernova had walked onto the stage and everyone else needed to take a bow.he's compared a lot to that other italian that won't…  
3042  To me, there’s no question: The Godfather is better than Godfather Part II — but Part II could have been better, if they had gotten Richard Castellano back as Clemenza as Coppola originally intended. The reason why he didn’t return varies by the source — according to some accounts he wanted to write his own dialogue, in others he simply refused his character’s arc — but either way, replacing him was a significant loss for the film. Michael’s storyline, and its…  
3043 friendship ended with young al pacino now young robert de niro is my best friend 
3044  The Godfather 2 is outstanding. I do believe it’s better than the original. I’m so amazed because I rarely ever think a sequel is better than the original, but The Godfather 2 pulled it off. Everything about this movie is extraordinary from the plot to the score. This has to be one of the best films of all time, and one of my personal favorites. After the first hour of this film, I was unsure that it would be better…  
3045 actually might be better than pt I but simply not enough Vigoda 
3046 “he was the best guy arouuuunddd”“what about the murder?”“what murdahhhh?” 
3047 there could be novels written about the lighting in this. the shadows! the hues! the way someone's eyes will be covered in blackness! that moment when a man is being killed in the bar and a cop walks in and says "jeez it's dark I can't tell if it's open or closed," and the shadows are all around like molasses or coal! sometimes I couldn't even concentrate on the story I was just staring at the shadows. 
3048  The Corleone family was like the Roman Empire.How do you take arguably the greatest film ever made…and make it better? Such layered characterization and storytelling, its simply Coppola at his best as he creates the greatest sequel ever. The almost tragic concurring timeline’s seen between Michael’s fall into the abyss and losing his family in pursuit of a power he never wanted and his father’s rise to power in hope’s of creating a better life for his family, is…  
3049 Watching movies of this caliber just hit on a different level. It’s been heralded so much that that none of my words can do it any more justice so yeah it’s as good as everyone says it is. It’s pretty much as good as filmmaking can get. In fact, most of the time it doesn’t even feel like it was meticulously crafted by someone. It just exists in a realm of mere tangibility.1 > 2. I think...Coppola Ranked List 
3050 tbh one of the most tragic movies ever made, Vito’s optimism and love for family starkly contrasted against Michael turning the family into a business, the early century turn to late stage capitalism made so horrifyingly tangible that it practically kills everyone who dares to try and conquer it. better than the first by a decent margin i think 
3051 this double feature was the best thing i've ever done cinematically.family vs the family.you could feel all 6,000+ people's hearts drop during the hotel scene.sheer perfection once again. 
3052  Time to talk about an exceptional one-of-a-kind continuation of a masterpiece that acts as both a prequel with the rise of Don Vito Corleone, and a sequel as we see his son and successor Michael's descent into darkness ... "Mamma mia!""Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."I remembered preferring The Godfather: Part II over Part I, but that is no longer the case. I like how bleak part 2 is, but it really takes its time to…  
3053 The dinner scene in the end is this world’s most brutal killer; a gut-punch unlike any other. It’s the most beautiful moment of filmmaking I’ve ever seen. 
3054 Crazy how even at three hours and twenty minutes I still feel like I could let this movie run longer and I wouldn't even mind it at all. 
3055 Incredibly, "Godfather 2" manages to top its wildly popular predecessor "Who's Your Daddy, Baby". 
3056 G.O.A.T. 
3057 the first one is obviously better 
3058 michael corleone kendall roy same sad puppy dog eyes 
3059 My mother gets so upset by what happens to Michael's brother. I fell asleep somewhere in all of the senate hearings. 
3060  The Godfather: Part II expands what in the first chapter of the saga was considered to have already happened and - at the sime time - completes the plan for the insertion of the Corleone family into the fabric of contemporary American society. Francis Ford Coppola articulates this second "episode" on two parallel and intersecting levels which almost seem to chase each other between past and present. On the one hand he describes how the godfather became such, starting from…  
3061 What’s not to love about this film? We get more Godfather. This film is great because Part I existed and we get a continuation of one of the greatest stories ever told. The Godfather Part II holds onto the theme of the first film while adding to the story and characters in its own way. This is a perfect example on how to make a great sequel. It continues the story with the same styles and techniques as the first film while bringing more depth and more development to the table. 
3062  Part II might be better than the first one. The juxtaposition of young Vito building the family and Michael tearing it apart continues the corruption arc of Michael's character and adds a refresshing new layer to the film's story and pace (whenever it seems like it's about to get boring it cuts to young Vito and quickly picks up again). Robert De Niro is the easy standout, but I have to give credit to John Cazale for his heartbreaking (get…  
3063 Al Pacino's eye movement is some of the best acting I've ever seen in my entire life. As Michael Corleone he's able to masterfully convey calculated, disciplined, and heartless emotions all in the span of 3 hours. He's always studying into everybody else's soul while losing his own 
3064  The Godfather: Part II is an absolute cinematic masterpiece. Directed by Francis Ford Coppola, it takes the classic narrative of the original and explores it even further, creating a truly captivating and powerful story. The film continues to set the bar for some of the greatest television and film of all time and over forty years after its release, remains as powerful and influential as ever. It's hard to believe that such an incredible cast of actors were present: Robert De…  
3065 Fellas u ever wonder if al pacino's girlfriend had him roleplay as michael corleone during sex 
3066  Michael Corleone: "I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!"Francis Ford Coppola had a horrible time directing The Godfather and asked to pick a different director for the sequel, while taking the title of producer for himself. He chose Martin Scorsese, who the film executives rejected. Coppola finally agreed to direct the film, with a few conditions. Also, Robert De Niro spent four months learning to speak the Sicilian dialect of Italian in…  
3067  Is it better than The Godfather? I don't think so, heres why:The cast is thinned down, weaker and less bonded in the Micheal Corleone continuation. Not much to that story really develops apart from Micheal's continued path towards complete power and the demise of his family and values as a result. The story of Vito however elevates the film structure and style. In many ways this story alone is superior to the first film in its simple linear plot,…  
3068  Fun fact: I have a close relationship with this movie as one of the camera assistants on the Havanna shootings (actually they were done here on Dominican Republic) was one of my teachers on film school.Its certainly a new experience looking at this film as a grown up YA than as a 15 year old kid. It also helps the fact that there was no commercial, like, man, I remember watching this on TV at 12pm and the movie…  
3069  There are almost as many great scenes as the first one, but barely any of the dramatic shape. The big operatic dramatic scale Coppola hopes for does keep the emotional flow consistent, but it does struggle to move from one moment to another. Some of the dramatic limitations are self-inflected; the flashbacks are a very good self-contained movie that really struggles to belong to the whole thing besides the least interesting mirror, some are not, as good as Gazzo is,…  
3070 The tragedy of a penniless man's unbound honourable crusade, rich in sacramental duty, to provide for his family, nurturing an infallible empire of love and respect - and it all decaying to betrayal and malice. Usurped by the perilous trade of passing time and rife occupation, nobility can only be fruitless under the aching temptations of capitalism; especially in the callow hands of those that have never been blemished by its sinful treachery. 
3071 michael corleone eating an unpeeled orange straight is really all you need to see to confirm that man is sociopathic 
3072 Ach Fredo... (M) 
3073  Michael Corleone has come a long way.His descent into pure evil is accompanied by his father's ascent to prestige. Coppola's sequel is an emotionally gripping, abnormally realistic feeling dark tale of a man whose thirst for vengeance, unyielding strive for power has cost him everything. Neither was Michael able to hold on to his most beloved members of the family, he indeed has gone as far as perpetrating an act that would vitiate the basis the Corleone family was…  
3074 I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. 
3075  Films Watched in 2020 - Film 291I can’t say I look forward to watching 3+ hour movies often but I sure can say that I was looking forward to this one all week.I absolutely love the first Godfather movie and it’s (rightfully) in my Top 100 of all time. Additionally, one of my favourite parts of it is Al Pacino’s performance as Michael so I was even more excited to watch the sequel as there’d be more of a…  
3076 Fredo’s forehead is the most tense thing about the Godfather trilogy 
3077  Winterzeit ist Klassikerzeit die Zehnte (10/2)Der erste Teil der „Pate“-Sage beginnt mit einem Fest, einem wallenden Fest übersprudelnder Freude der Vermählung des Brautpaares, der herankutschierten und aus allen Herrenländern herangeflogenen Familie einem so nahe Stehend wie der eigene Schatten wie kaum ferner als der Mond über einem. Ein Fest etlicher Gäste und ebenso vielen Speisen einer längst vergangenen Zeit, eine Verankerung und Verwurzelung der eigenen Blutlinie begonnen aus dem fernen Afrika überschwappend vom Nahen Osten auf das Festland Europas…  
3078 scavenger hunt 57#26- watch a sequelthis movie barging into my house, terrorizing my dog, and cornering me in my bedroom: i am the godfather part ii bitch! one of the most universally acclaimed films of all time, ranked #3 on letterboxd, starring your main man al pacino. i was here before you were born and i will be cherished and adored long after you are dust.me, huddled in the corner, sobbing: ok, ok, i understand... but could you be a little less loud? 
3079 While not quite as eminently enjoyable as its predecessor, The Godfather: Part II excels in its ambition. The film is an operatic tome of mesmerising spectacle, but also a haunting examination of generational sin and deteriorating morality.Thousands upon thousands of words have been written about Francis Ford Coppola’s landmark masterpiece so I won’t belabor the point but, yeah, it’s pretty damn good. 
3080 All-Time Favourites John Cazale could’ve been one of the all time greats, every single delivery during the ‘I was stepped over’ sequence between Michael and Fredo is utterly flawless, it reaches acting limits that arguably have never been reached since, two geniuses coordinating expertly to make one of the greatest scenes ever made. 
3081  - 1001 Movies You Must See Before You Die -Happy Birthday to one of the greatest actors of all time! Al Pacino has been one of my favourite actors for quite some time now. His performance in this will always be my favourite performance ever. Pacino in this was the very first time I really saw acting as an art instead of just a thing you see in a film. When I first watched it, I was absolutely blown…  
3082 Al Pacino 🐐 
3083 I guess I'm back to leaning ever-so-slightly to the first being better than the second because it's just such a storytelling juggernaut. But this is so rich, and maybe the most [use a word other than "iconic" here] treatment of the American immigrant experience. More on an upcoming Next Picture Show podcast pairing this with The Many Saints of Newark. 
3084 The Godfather Part II is arguably the best sequel of all time and one of the best movies ever made... Robert de Niro is perfect as Vito Corleone, and Al Pacino at his best !!! 
3085 i like when De Niro has a nice stash 
3086  67/100Third viewing, last seen 2011. Still think the Greatest Sequel Ever Made is "merely" far superior to your standard superfluous continuation—I didn't need to see Michael grow ever more ruthless and isolated, nor did I particularly care about Vito's backstory (wisely omitted from the original film), so it's a testament to Coppola & Co. firing on all cylinders that I'm happy to watch those two threads alternate for well over three hours. (Rest of the review, along with everything else…  
3087  2023’s 90th movie • 81/100it's not my place to say these things, but in terms of compelling storytelling, it falls significantly short in my eyes compared to the first film. i really respect someone who finishes it in one sitting. i had to take a half-hour break to continue.in the first movie, we witnessed Michael's complete character development, and on the other hand, Vito Corleone's gradual decline was brilliantly portrayed. character development is one of the most significant…  
3088 Coppola pushes the boundaries of his now epic saga in a new delivery of exceptional storytelling and an enthralling and epic structure. De Niro's addition is a fantastic decision by the visionary Coppola; the 70s were the best time to tell such a magnificent story. A splendid cast still fills the screen; nevertheless, it is its natural and unforced direction that makes of The Godfather, Part II one of the best American movies ever made. It is a mood that does not prevail in modern cinema anymore.98/100 
3089 Family is unequivocally everything 
3090  When the family business becomes family and business. Coppola's film is at once manic and guarded, like a father running off to Vegas unannounced, planning to gamble away his fortune on blackjack—the best odds—only to blow it all on slots in the heat of the moment. The juxtaposition of Vito and Michael serves not just to emphasize "like father, like son," but also the inevitability of change, both in their hands and the world's; like both men, the game is…  
3091 i know it was you Fredo. you broke my heart. you broke my heart!this is probably one of the saddest movies ever tbh. in it's entire length of 202 minutes, not a single second is wasted. this is perfect and there's nothing much to say that hasn't already been said before!seeing michael become more and more lonely has the story goes on just breaks my heart everytime ): the ending always leaves me sad with fredo being k!lled in the lake and michael shutting the door on kay once again <\3 
3092  A morbid atmosphere, creating parallels between past and present ,and it's bigger and more poignant than the first opus, this time centred on the gradual fall of Michael Corleone and Vito's past, played by a De Niro at the height of his charisma in an even more masterful artistic direction. The psychology is more terrifying than ever, and the challenges are amplified by the coldness of Michael trying to be like his late father, but never succeeding. The psychology is…  
3093  100 (The Coppola Restoration)I’ll make the obligatory “it’s the greatest sequel of all time” claim because it is indeed the greatest sequel of all time. But you already know that. The rise and fall of Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) as the Don is the polar opposite of his father’s demise and I’ve always found that to be what sticks with me the most. The story of a rising young and respectable Vito Corleone (Robert de Niro) being paired with…  
3094 The relationship between Michael and Fredo here is truly one of the most tragic stories ever told. Pacino’s performance might just be my favourite performance ever, he was operating on a whole different level in this film. I think I’m firmly within the camp with those who believe that this is even better than the original - in fact, it’s getting to the point where I’d even consider this to be arguably my personal favourite film. A completely flawless piece of cinema with some of the most densely layered storytelling to ever be put to a screen. 
3095  "I'm not interested in things that don't concern me" -Don Vito, - Francis Ford Coppola: boxd.it/8GFCCMafia bad. Other than some minor editing issues, overall this is a very well made film with good performances.... I just don't care that much. The whole time I was watching I felt like I was staring at a well made portrait in an art gallery wondering why I care that the portrait is so accurate. It seems like the appeal of the godfather…  
3096 “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”my favourite feature filmsfamilyrecommended by: al paciknowsrecommend me a film here 
3097 Ver os comunistas botando pra correr os mafiosos milionários é bom d+ 
3098 Al Pacino was superb in this instalment. So evil and sinister. I love how this movie follows on and develops from the first. I also loved Robert De Niro playing a young Vito. Diane Keaton also had more to do in this one. I was enjoying the first hour even better than the original. I really felt the runtime of this one by the end though. Wow, it’s been so long since I’ve seen an intermission in a movie. 
3099 Best film in the history of cinema.I remember this was the first time I saw Al Pacino and De Niro in the same film and though they don’t share screen because it’s a different timeline, it absolutely blown my mind to see these two legends “together”. It’s just one of those movies where everything is perfect. Flawless. 
3100  I remembered parts of this movie, but it felt like a borderline first time viewing for me. What a brilliant sequel that intertwines the young Vito storyline with the present day Michael plot. It expands upon the story of the original—further exploring the Corleone family’s dominant presence as the top dogs of the mob. Over the course of two movies, Michael Corleone’s gradual change from military hero to villainous mobster is about as perfect as it gets when it comes…  
3101 Well, they're right. The Godfather Part II is a much better film than the first one. This sequel provides even more rich and brilliantly crafted storytelling (the back-to-back stories of Michael and Young Vito were just outstanding), the themes were even stronger, the ending was much more powerful than the first one, the performances from the cast were top notch as always, and the family drama here was ten times better. 
3102 al pacino in this masterpiece is the perfect kind of dilf 
3103 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  this movie is over three hours  
3104 When Connie calls Anthony to come out of the boat because Michael has plans to depart to Reno, does Fredo know at that moment what's going on? The Godfather II is a Cinematic Masterpiece. 
3105  as outlined in my review for The Godfather subsequently all of the said can be read in bigger parantheses: a patriarchy that only knows aggression, blood and death. the destruction drive in full effect. the processes are already completely technocratic. no affection ("don't hate your enemy, it's all business"), keep all emotions, all attachment to any objects out. the risk of getting "in touch" with the (also own) feminine side might be: the total breakdown and eventual annihilation of a…  
3106  Holy fucking wow. How can something perfectly match, if not better it’s predecessor so well, which in itself was magnificent? With The Godfather’s amazing story and characters fresh in my mind I felt the need to instantly jump straight into it’s sequel, and boy am I glad I did. Some of the most convincing performances I’ve seen were on display yet again here, feats of acting that very few get close to even today. I am jealous of every single person…  
3107 I haven't been blown away by a sequel this much The Empire Strikes Back. Both Part I and Part II build on each other so beautifully. I really can’t decide which one I like better. I feel like 1 had the better characters and scenes but 2 had the better story and pacing. Either way, this 2 part 6 and a half hour mafia epic is incredible. 
3108 kay: leaves, signora corleone: dies, fredo: a ratmichael: this is so sad alexa play despacito 
3109 Fredo Corleone: Sometimes I feel like I’m not respected as part of the family, or as a man.Also Fredo Corleone: I’ll have a banana daiquiri, pweeeeease? 
3110  'The Godfather: Part Il', directed by Francis Ford Coppola in 1974, is a very successful sequel and one of the best of all time. Nevertheless, in my opinion it can't keep up with the first part, as I liked the story of the first part a little more. Don't get me wrong, the film is terrific, which is why I give it 4.5 stars, it's just that the first one was so fanatical. So now back to the first part.…  
3111  I keep forgetting what a masterpiece this film is. The acting, the setting, the pacing and the absolutely legendary soundtrack. Robert De Niro plays Vito Corleone so well that you don't miss Marlon Brando. Even so, I still prefer Mr. Brando as Don Vito Corleone. Al Pacino plays terrific and I say it again and again, probably the best performance. Many scenes still give you goosebumps. I would describe this film as completely perfect. Nevertheless, I still favor Part 1…  
3112 Don Michael Corleone ❌Donkaccino ✅ 
3113 At a certain point, I forget I'm just watching a movie. Everything felt REAL!Also, this is the transition of Darth Vader we should have seen! 
3114  Truthfully, i love how part 2 dives more deeper into the characters development especially the Corleone family. The themes of betrayal & greed here was very tangible & utilized very well thanks to the impeccable direction by CoppolaI particularly love the backstory of the young Vito Corleone played by Robert de Niro as we witness his early life & career. I love his particular character & he's probably the best character I've seen in the franchise. He was so kind, caring and helpful…  
3115 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   !Spoilerish!I never thought about it before, but Fredo is basically Lennie from Of Mice of Men. Michael knows he’s going to kill Fredo at the end of Godfather 2,  so he gives him a fake make up hug before having him capped while fishing. The only thing better to go out with than fake mafia betrayal make up hug is fake planning a farm you’re never going to have. Fredo and Lennie both go out with smiles on their…   
3116 Oh drench me in an olive oil bathtub with a young Robert De Niro body pillow while I cry about my future 
3117  The Godfather Part II is a stunning sequel to the phenomenal original feature.In terms of storytelling this sequel picks up the themes of the original and follows Michael Corleone’s descent into corruption even further as he goes from ordering deaths to turning on his own family. Coppola brilliantly reinforces the theme of the Immigrants view of the American dream in the Early Twentieth century becoming corrupted as individuals begin to abuse the power they gain through illegal means. This…  
3118  One night around Christmas Eve 1974, my biological Grandfather disappeared, then turned up dead in the south branch of the Chicago River the following month. My Grandmother said he had planned to see The Godfather, Part II that night. It’s a mystery whether he was murdered or if he drunkenly killed himself. It’s a mystery whether or not he even saw the film. 49 years later, on Christmas Night 2023, I watched The Godfather, Part II for the first time,…  
3119  50th Anniversary!Oscar weekend watch!Random thoughts. Not a review. What could I say that hasn't already, except to say with every viewing I have varying experiences all of them exceptional. This time I was really struck by the emotional tragic fall of brotherly love. John Cazale is exceptional at conveying innocence and guilt. An older brother who never really grew up or got the respect he craved. The way he looks at Tony and their embrace near the ending…  
3120 It's funny to say this about a mafia movie but truly the dichotomy in storytelling is about power through community building and power that creates isolation. How coming from nothing informs helping those with smaller issues. Fighting a war for your street or your nation is a form of idealism. And when you are building an empire, everyone is an enemy, including family. That's the tipping point. 
3121 mfs really come on this app to lie and say this is better than the first one 
3122 WARNING: DO NOT WATCH THIS MOVIE!!!!!!! I watched it and now I suffer from a rare condition called SPONTANEOUS ORGASMS!!!!!!!! One second I’m out here living my life, and the next I think about Al Pacino in suspenders or Robert Deniro with that mustache and BOOM!!!!! ORGASM!!!!!! This condition has ruined my life. I have been laid off from work. I haven’t seen my children in three years. My ex husband refuses to see me. If you are happy with your life, please do not see this movie. It ruined mine </3. 
3123  After seeing the Godfather twice in the past week I felt ready to watch the sequel. Over the years I've heard that this is one of, if not the best sequel ever made. After seeing it for myself I can conclude that this is one of the best sequels ever made. However, The Godfather part 2 isn't as much a sequel as much as it is a continuation of the first film. The plot to this film takes place before…  
3124 I'm probably wrong, but this is superior to Part 1. 
3125 Pretty good sequel, but it’s no The Dark Knight, Terminator 2, The Empire Strikes Back, Spider-Man 2, or Blade Runner 2049. 
3126 This might just be the greatest sequel ever made. Robert De Niro took on the practically impossible task of living up to Marlon Brando’s portrayal of Vito, but he handles it masterfully, incorporating nuances of Brando’s performance (tone of voice especially). I was blown away once again by Al Pacino’s performance, which was even better than in the first movie. It’s flawless. The final close-up on Michael’s face was the icing on the cake, showing how power can destroy anyone, and that he didn’t become the man his father dreamed he would be. It truly is one of the greatest films ever produced. 
3127 i could say "he's so hot and insane and violent i want to fuuuuck him" and you'd have no idea which one i'm talking about 
3128  Almost completely freed from the conventions of modern cinema, Francis Ford Coppola celebrates for the second time the career of Michael Corleone, once thought up by Mario Puzo, which he has since expanded into a complex biography and an ethic painting of several eras.Staged calmly and broadly, Coppola always finds the right images and undertones for the melancholy from which his second part of the "Godfather" saga is knitted: It is more meandering than at the beginning, the story…  
3129  "This is the business we have chosen!"- Hyman RothThis film's legacy is nearly impossible to live up to. Often cited as one of the greatest films ever, winning 6 academy awards, and boasting a star-studded cast; such a line up of positives are certain to make for a disappointment in any other situation. But not here. The Godfather part II manages to live up to its name, and excel in every area possible. Along with part I, this…  
3130 they put two hundred people on a boat in new york harbor for a ten second shot of them arriving at ellis island 
3131 the way how the cuts and transitions from vito to michael are all satisfyingly fitting, coherent, and well-founded makes me consider that this is actually better and more artistically thought-out than the first one, given that this film's last minutes reeks of indubitably much more poignancy. 
3132  Oh here we go, I finally make a long awaited return to a film that I admired more than I loved, but found: One, that I still feel the same towards it as a viewing experience; Two, my appreciation of it though has deepened.Where my appreciation deepens more than ever is Al Pacino’s towering, formidable performance as Michael Corleone who has inherited the family’s power. On the day of his son’s First Communion party, an assassination attempt with machine…  
3133 The most amazing thing to me is how the scope is so drastically expanded over the first movie, and yet the spirit is 100% consistent. Nothing is out of character, nothing is missing. Perfect. 
3134 this movie is for girls only because it’s called godfatHER 
3135 it was great when vito went back to corlelone and killed that rat bastard who killed his family 
3136 I hate to sound like a cop but this stuff is super illegal and these guys should feel bad about it. Also the logo is false advertising, there isn't a single puppet in this thing. Four stars! 
3137 https://twitter.com/Comrade_Yui/status/1559245938417405952 
3138  My 500th film on letterboxd!!Surprisingly underwhelmed and a little bored by this. I guess I just expected this sequel to maintain the same quick pace as the first with just as much action, but this movie is way more character based than part 1. This isn’t to say that The Godfather Part 2 isn’t brilliant, it certainly is. It’s just that it throws everything that made the first Godfather so great out the window, and tries a completely different…  
3139 young al pacino and robert de niro... i’m how you say... scaroused? kinda want to be michael corleone’s third wife 
3140 The Godfather was great but this sequel is the superior movie in my opinion. Coppola effortlessly switches between past and present, showing us Vito Corleone's origin story and Michael Corleone trying to expand his empire. I'm actually kind of shocked how little De Niro is in this. All his scenes were great however.I had fabulous time watching this with Michelle. Looking forward to watching the incest one. 
3141 Michael Corleone let me suck your dick 
3142 my main takeaway from this one is that being in the mafia is awesome. 
3143  As read in the history books, DP Gordon Willis was of course recognized for his groundbreaking work on the two Godfather films, winning best cinematography for- oh wait, he wasn’t even nominated and The Towering Inferno won instead. He would further change cinema with more collaborations with Diane Keaton, lighting up the screen with Annie Hall, Interiors and the most iconic New York movie Manhattan, but it’s like really guys, not even a nomination? The Academy is basically Hyman Roth here. Or Littlefinger,…  
3144 The contrapuntal editing of the iconic baptismal in the first part is sustained, expanded, and deepened for 200 minutes. One of the few times Coppola was allowed to bring all his talents to bear on a scale and with the autonomy commensurate with his aspirations.Pacino’s work is simply one of the finest performances put to film, especially when one considers how inert, remote, and flat out boring this arc could be in the hands of another performer. It’s a testament to the harmony between actor, director, and material that Michael remains compelling as he descends deeper into impenetrability. 
3145 young robert de niro in this just hits different 
3146  I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies. The Godfather Part II did not live up to the lofty expectations I had put on it after hearing it was one of the few sequels to surpass the original (Empire Strikes Back, Judgement Day, Dark Knight, etc). It was definitely very good and I enjoyed it, just not a masterpiece on par with the original.While Pacino as Michael is excellent again (SO in control and…  
3147  Much like the prior film, so much has been written about this film and the masterpiece that it is. I’ll add just a few little sentences to add to the growing legacy of this film being quite possibly better then the original. For one, Al Pacino delivers THE greatest acting performance of all time. Subtle, volatile, calculating, Michael Corleone gets to continue one of the great character arcs only rivaled, in my opinion, by the journey of Walter White in Breaking…  
3148  The Godfather Part 2 is without a doubt one of the greatest sequels to have ever been made and just like the first one, it’s one of the best mafia films of all time. A sequel to The Godfather was not very necessary as it ended so perfectly and living up to the sky-high expectations set by the first film would have been incredibly difficult but The Godfather Part 2 not only serves as a terrific sequel but also a…  
3149  An epic and fitting sequel which is slightly better than it's predecessor.The performances, the direction, the production design, the score, the attention to details, the dialogues, the screenplay, the cinematography and the execution of all these aspects cohesively makes this movie a masterpiece and one of my favorite films of all time.I can't go into the details of every aspect cause everything that has to be said has already been said a countless times, this one is peak…  
3150 I wish I loved this, but I just don’t. Interest is a huge part when watching a film. There were a lot of scenes where I drifted off because I just couldn’t get into it. I do agree that this film is great on technical aspects though, so I definitely respect it for that. Part 2 isn’t nearly as good as Part 1, but I still liked it 
3151  the Godfather: part II is one of the best fucking sequel i have ever seen in so many years... i was never planning to see this film since i thought it would outdo the Godfather (1974) and you know what... it did brother omfg. francis ford coppola you are such a fucking goat i can't believe you blessed us with this films ugh. ok now i wanna talk about al pacino...... his acting was phenomenal and oh brother was he so hot. he…  
3152  "I didn't see Michael as a gangster. I saw his struggle as something that was connected to his intelligence." -Al PacinoWhat makes a sequel great or worthy of existing? What do acclaimed sequels have in common? Is it better filmmaking techniques, an expanded sense of scale, improved effects? Well those things certainly help, but the one constant in all great sequels is that they knowingly and unknowingly comment on, deconstruct and if possible subvert their predecessor. The sequel is…  
3153 Ever since I saw The Godfather in the cinema for its 50th anniversary, I'd been thinking about how I didn't want to miss the same celebration for Part II. I've been through a lot in that two year gap, so getting to enjoy the film in all its big screen glory was the purest of cinematic satisfactions.An updated ranking of the mafia canon:1. The Godfather Part II2. The Sopranos3. Bonnie & Clyde4. Goodfellas5. Scarface (1932)6. White Heat7. The Godfather8. Scarface (1983)9. Once Upon a Time in America10. The Public Enemy 
3154 “If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.”Contains some of my favorite pieces of dialogue and my second favorite shot in all of film. Kino. 
3155 Maybe Al Pacino’s greatest performanceEither this or Jack and Jill 
3156  5/5English: Absolutely extraordinary. The transition between Vito and Michael and how different they are, Vito was loyal to family while Michael was loyal to business is just tragic!The acting is phenomenal, the music is majestic and the story just keep your eyes on the screen the whole runtime. Those 3h and 22 minutes barely felt for me to be honest.Truly a masterpiece. I don't think is better than the first one but I don't think is worse.…  
3157  Cada vez que veo de nuevo la saga del Padrino, me emociono profundamente. No sé bien de dónde proviene ese brote de sentimentalismo, quizás del trato que se tiene sobre los lazos familiares, la fraternidad, pero especialmente la relación entre padre e hijo de Vito y Michael (directa en la primera película, indirecta en la segunda, lograda gracias al montaje paralelo) que me conmueve verdaderamente; o quizás también provenga del significado que tuvieron estas películas en mi vida. Siento que…  
3158  The first Godfather saw Michael Corleone’s transition from “ordinary” man to the Don of the mafia. Part II is a continuation of his journey on a downward spiral. He attempts to keep his father’s business alive but the entire 3 hour runtime is dedicated to him losing trust from everyone around him in a lust for power. Al Pacino is just fantastic in this series capturing the calm and rage as the Corleone family business goes down the shitter. All…  
3159 I have heard this movie is a classic/one of the best movies ever, and also the first one. I need to watch these someday! But docking one star b/c I've ALSO heard part 3 is bad haha! Pls let me know if you agree/disagree 
3160 ok bestie pop off 
3161  Now that... was a DAMN fine movie.Having just reached the first last night and feeling underwhelmed, I feared going into this that I would feel the same. Actually it was quite the contrary - this was an overwhelming experience in the best way possible. This was brilliant through and through and I absolutely adored it. Directing, acting, cinematography, editing, writing and production design are all hugely improved from the first in my opinion.This is just, to me, a…  
3162  "The Godfather Part II" is not just a sequel; it is a cinematic masterpiece that surpasses the already outstanding first installment. Francis Ford Coppola returns in this epic film, narrating the saga of the Corleone family in a way that deepens both the characters and the intricacies of the plot.A key element that distinguishes "The Godfather Part II" from its predecessor is the even more profound character development. Michael Corleone, portrayed by Al Pacino, undergoes an astonishing transformation in…  
3163 would be perfect if they never made the part 3 
3164  Well yes of course this was amazing as I was full prepared for it to be. Kinda can't believe I've never seen this series before now but kinda can because it's horror 24/7-11 for me. But this was epic.Although, I was totally expecting it to be better than the first one because basically everyone said it was and I'm not sure I agree. I think I like the first one overall just a bit more and I'm not gonna…  
3165  Is it really that good and is it really better than the Part 1?I still prefer Part 1 but on a rewatch I appreciate this film so much more. And I’m not going to actually answer that question as it’s purely subjective.You don’t need a synopsis section we all know it’s Part 2 of Part 1. Right ONTO THE OVERLY DETAILED ANALYSIS. What is very impressive is when a sequel manages to reference its predecessor in a way…  
3166 67/100[tweet from 2011]Portrait of all-consuming ruthlessness much less compelling to me than the first film's gradual boil. 
3167  First review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather-part-ii/70s Francis Ford Coppola really was on another level than everyone else. Just imagine the skill and confidence it would take to follow up one of the greatest movies ever made with a sequel that is at least equal in quality and even more ambitious and epic in scope. Well, that´s exactly what happened.“The Godfather: Part 2”, which acts as both a sequel and a prequel to the first movie (that concept alone is already such…  
3168 there's just /something/ about the second films in a trilogy 
3169 Turning 50 years of history into tragic poetry. Simply one of the greatest movies. 
3170  Al Pacino only smiles like 4 times throughout this 3 hour and 22 minute film and that hurt my feelings so bad But when he’s quietly simmering in a tan coat and touching his temples in a dark room I’m thinking this is the best thing I’ve ever seen a person do even if I don’t get to see his teeth (the teeth that I love) My favorite Al line reading: the kiss and the “you broke my hawt” of…  
3171  Even though The Godfather Part 2 doesn’t star Marlon Brando, it’s still gives the first one a run for it’s money. It’s a very rare occurrence that the sequel is on par or even better then the first. Coppola absolutely nailed it with this. Who would of thought it would of been possible to make a film as good as The Godfather let alone the film that follows it! I don’t know how Al Pacino didn’t win best actor for…  
3172  It ain’t that easy to make a sequel to a masterpiece, but Godfather 2 successfully accomplishes the feat with high standards. The movie acts as both a prequel & sequel to its predecessor, alternating between two timelines showcasing the early life of Vito Corleone and the journey of Michael Corleone into a powerful Don. Robert DeNiro plays the young Marlon Brando as Vito Corleone. It’s a complete treat to watch Al Pacino and DeNiro at their fantabulous best.Francis Ford Coppola's…  
3173  Pacino once again knocked it out of the park with his ice-cold portrayal of Michael, and De Niro is a perfect addition also. I was curious of the role he’d actually play as a prequel honestly wasn’t where I thought the second part was taking us, so the extra time with Vito was unexpected but not unwelcome.But it did feel jarring to be buckling up for more of Michael or Vito’s story and have it then cut back to…  
3174  Looking out across the waters of Lake Tahoe from his gloomy mansion, having built an empire and lost just about everything else—his family, his humanity, his very soul—we finally see Michael Corleone for who he really is. Over the best part of seven hours, Nino Rota’s nostalgic, mournful score, surely one of the greatest ever written, and Gordon Willis’s groundbreaking expressionist cinematography had turned Mario Puzo’s pulp fiction into grand opera, making Michael’s journey from war hero with dreams of…  
3175 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.Absolute power corrupts absolutely.No one could have possibly expected the sequel to surpass the box office revenue of the original Godfather films, much less predict it winning Best Picture. I myself have a difficult time deciding exactly which of these two Godfather films I love more. They are both brilliant pieces of classic cinematic art in their own respects- so brilliant that they are both next to each other on both…   
3176 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   BROVEMBER 29/30"The Godfather: Part II" is an incredible movie, but to me, it's no "The Godfather." Chronicling the dark descent Michael Corleone continues on as the new Don, as well as give us flashbacks to the rise of Vito Corleone, "The Godfather: Part II" is a great logical sequel that builds upon the world of betrayals, family feuds, and absolute power absolutely corrupting from the first film. Al Pacino kills it in the role with his character no longer…   
3177  [74]Third full viewing (I think), and how the tables have finally turned. Score down from 82 (and at one point before I started using Letterboxd, I'd have considered this a 5-star film); still think it's pretty great, but the older and more learned I get, the more its flaws become apparent to me. This time, I kept thinking about how awesome a three (or even two-and-a-half) hour "prequel only" would've been, keeping the entire events of the film contained…  
3178  The Godfather: Part II is impressive in that it often stands up right beside the first film on “greatest of all time” lists. I’ve heard many even place it above the first film.While I certainly agree it is a quality film, I personally didn’t enjoy it as much as the first. Really, this is for two reasons.#1: I don’t find Michael as compelling of a “mob boss” type figure as I did Vito in the first film. I…  
3179  One of the greatest movies ever made, etc etc. We all know this and there’s no need to rehash it.I wanna focus on one thing in this write-up: Al Pacino, who in my opinion, gives the single greatest performance in a movie ever. While everyone enjoys a character on the upswing, ascending to power (Godfather Part 1), it’s usually the fall from grace that’s more engaging...as demonstrated by Al’s bravura take on Michael’s character arc in this film. He’s…  
3180 96Just like its predecessor, I think Part II starts off brilliantly, has a perfect 1st act, slows down *way* too much in the middle, then ends on a powerful high note that leaves me pondering.I can talk for hours about Coppola's brilliance with the framing, the lighting, the blocking, and his repurposing of certain images and symbols to drive further home the themes of cycles of violence and toxic masculinity. 
3181 do i think this franchise is a masterpiece? no i do notdo i respect the conquered themes, acting and expansiveness of the plot and scenery? yes i doi get why people love these, i just don't 
3182 I'll probably be the only Godfather Part II fan to have seen Part I over 10 times, including in a cinema, and still give it a middling 8/10. It's good, sometimes great, but mostly a prelude to Coppola's masterpiece. It's here, where the themes of an immigrant story, the American Dream, and capitalism resonate with me the most. Maybe I'd enjoy them better the other way around, with Part I as more of a prequel to Michael's story instead. I'm being very facetious either way. 
3183 "They're saps cause they fight for strangers."What makes "The Godfather Part II" so amazing really is that it is all emotion, just like Coppola's best films, and really shows that the reason movies exist is to make you feel something, and this whole film is feeling. Michael's descent and Vito's rise are complimentary as an allegory for what the American Dream is and how violence corrupts. Coppola is a grand master of cinema and is one of the living legends and one of the greatest geniuses of our time. 
3184 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   in the godfather, michael's separateness from the family means the story is framed as his corruption. in this movie, that's questioned: his separateness from the family means he doesn't have the same deeply felt connection to the same values as vito. vito acted with a greater purpose: family and community, michael acts only with the selfish interests of himself in mind. this comes to a head in the final time distorting cuts. 1941 michael left alone in the dining room…   
3185  Rewatching the film I was simultaneously missing all the iconic elements of the first film, while also being supremely impressed by how the film really doesn't lose a step even with Caan's and Brando's presence gone. Fredo's role is beefed up, which is perfect since John Cazale gets a far better opportunity to shine, crafting an amazing sap out of his character. Most of all though I was taken by the contrast created between Michael's present story and Vito's youth,…  
3186  There are two groups of people .The one who says that Part 1 is better .And there is other one who says how Part 2 is better .I honestly belong in first one cause its story and pacing is better connected .But I cant say how second part isnt masterpiece in its own way .Storytelling is awesome and switching between past and present was as good as it could have been .Addition of De…  
3187 the fact @ the academy didn’t give al pacino his oscar for this surely broke my heart and i’d like them to personally apologise 
3188 “God bless America.” 
3189 My favorite movie and another stone cold classic! The direction, music, cinematography and acting are all top notch. The story intertwines two tales in a fascinating way. It's the rise (and fall) of an empire. A perfect movie.I love it more than the original, which shouldn't be possible. Just a master class in every avenue of film making. 
3190  A very worthy successor and another splendid film from Francis Ford Coppola. Seeing young Vito Corleone and the start of his empire was really interesting. I liked the way the film constantly juxtaposes flashbacks of his early years with the present time. It also focuses on Michael, who is now head of the family and has to deal with the responsabilities and risks of being in that position. There were many suspenseful and shocking scenes, but also some fine emotional…  
3191  “This is the business we’ve chosen!”I continue to marvel at the genius of Coppola's narrative structure: its braiding of sequel with prequel using techniques taken from the Modernist novel and owing more to Joseph Conrad than classic Hollywood screenwriters. He strings the story using critical family rituals like beads on a necklace: the sacraments of burial and First Communion, New Years Eve, the Feast of San Gennaro, Palm Sunday, a wake, and a surprise birthday party.The future is…  
3192 3.5 hours of young al pacino & robert de niro……. this is what cinema is all about 
3193 I do love Godfather II and consider it a classic, but ultimately I prefer Part I. I find watching Michael's ascension to power to be more compelling than just seeing him at the top. Plus, Part I's got all the iconic scenes with Brando and the rest of cast. Both films are great though and complement each other like one big film. 
3194 the enormity of my desire for robert de niro in tgf pt II disgusts me 
3195 The Godfather is a masterwork. The Godfather: Part II is a masterwork sequel. I will not be taking questions as to which one is better. (Bonus episode discussion coming soon for Filmspotting Family members on Patreon.) 
3196  "My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."Wow, just wow. The godfather part 2 is a masterpiece. It has me speechless. I watched it on its 49th anniversary, which wasn't planned by the way, but 49 years ago this day, this absolutely brilliant film came out. Al pacino was brilliant as Michael. Michael's character development and arc from both films is one…  
3197 Jesus Christ this is a masterpiece. The first was great but this was magic. Pacino is phenomenal in this. I wanted 2 more hours of this. 
3198  Short ReviewAdded to: Francis Ford Coppola RankedA huge improvement on the already solid first chapter of the Godfather saga, The Godfather Part II is in many ways its predecessor and more. The epic scope of the story is broadened immensely through its prequel-sequel scenario, its diversion to multiple spots on the world and its ever-expanding cast of characters. And what lies within that story is just too good to be true. The familial issues reach new heights and…  
3199  After watching The Godfather for the first time last week, the logical next step would of course be to watch The Godfather: Part II given how it is widely regarded as the greatest sequel of all time and one which many would even say surpasses the original. I, however, would not say that this is a better film than the first though it does run it awfully close since this is undoubtedly one of the great tragic cinematic tales ever…  
3200 robert de niro is my god 
3201 Puzo, Coppola, Pacino, De Niro. Was there ever any doubt this wasn't going to be incredible? The perfect sequel which did the impossible and surpassed the original in terms of ambition and quality, this, at times is almost hypnotic in the way it demands your attention. With two parallel stories acting as both a sequel and a prequel, we get the best of both worlds as Pacino and De Niro hook us with stories encompassing two generations of the Corleone Family. Riveting, compelling, timeless. 
3202 Uh wow 
3203 The spiritual importance of this film is that it gives us the imagery to visually understand the bravery of our ancestors embarking on their journey of migration. 
3204 ohh to marry 70s al pacino in Italy 
3205  The most important implication that The Godfather: Part II poses is that the competition of who's hotter between young Pacino and young De Niro is not as clear as it may have seemed. De Niro really takes stride in the handsomeness and smoothness categories in his portrayal of young Vito. Had just a mediocre time watching this masterpiece on 35mm at the Prospect Park Nighthawk Theater. I guess this godfather part 2 review is as good of a time as…  
3206 Sublime to see it on the big screen at last, after having known it like a Bible text by heart since age 16 but not having seen it since then. Very elemental like a child’s fable, very Griffith: father/son, man/woman, Miami/Cuba, Vegas/NYC, calm/shout, brown/red, earth/water. Michael V Gazzo MVP — that kind of performance interests me greatly nowadays, and you don’t see much of it, really. Good LORD, the blocking—those blurry empty chunks of the screen speak volumes. And about 79 other things I jotted down, all of greater importance than what I sloppily suggest above. 
3207 the end dinner scene makes me so emotional it’s just so perfect 
3208  My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. -Michael CorleoneI don’t care how many times I watch this movie, over how many decades I’m still in awe of it. You’re not supposed to be able to catch lightening in a bottle twice, but they did. They took what is masterpiece, made a sequel to it and not only did it turn out…  
3209 An incredible, flawless masterpiece worthy of its gargantuan reputation. That being said, it still can’t help but live in the shadow of the strongest entry in this series “Scooby-Doo 2: Monsters Unleashed”, Coppola just seemingly can’t help to try his damnest to imitate the stylistic flourishes seen in Raja Gosnell’s epic Doo Duology and it SHOWS. But it’s best I judge this film on its own merits and not compare it, for it just goes to show the influence Scooby-Doo 2 was able to have even 28 years before its release. Hot take: this is a damn fine picture! 
3210 An emotionally deep sequel that's more expansive in scope then the first one with two stories taking place in two different time frames. It's a story that talks about greed, capitalism, trust, legacy amd family. It's a film that explores thebcorleone family and the beginning juxtaposed with the end and undoing of the corleone family It's big, well acted,looks amazing and is very dramatic, it sags a bit in the middle but overall its a briliant sequel. 
3211  Watching both in the same day has made me realise that this is better than the first and possibly the greatest movie ever made. It's more complex and complicated narrative works wonders, presenting deeper themes and conflicts, flawlessy blending two excellent storylines and showing the rise and downfall of the family without fault.The acting performances somehow get even better from its predecessor. This might be a very unpopular opinion but I honestly believe that Robert De Niro plays Vito…  
3212 “But you can never lose your family.”Vito as a young man is arguably my favourite story in all of movie history. Watching him lose his entire family only to rebuild it in the new world is so compelling, particularly when it’s juxtaposed with Michaels unintentional destruction of everything his father created.Side Note: Is it just me or was young Mama Corleone looking hot? No? Just me? Think I’ve seen this movie way too many times. 
3213  Looking back on my movie diary it has been almost five years since I saw this, possibly the greatest sequel ever made. During that time I've watched almost 3000 films, but hadn't returned to the Corleone saga until the missus popped it in on Thursday evening. Much has been made of whether the second chapter of this Italian/American crime family drama is even better than Coppola's original film. Some like the De Niro factor that appears here, others prefer Brando's…  
3214  Holy shit!! I did it! Not only did I finish my recommendations list but I also hit 365 films this year! I know it’s not a super big deal for some but between a new job and a move, it was really hard for me. So yeah I feel a little proud of myself. Anyway I’ll probably be taking a small break from reviews and be hitting some comfort rewatches. Onto the review:Big shift in tone from the first…  
3215 First one is far better but this is no doubt entertaining. One of the best movies of all time? Yeah, I don’t think so. It’s a fine movie with a thrilling mob plot but it doesn’t do anything all that crazy or new to warrant such a title. 
3216 . 
3217 “If anything in this life is certain -- If history has taught us anything -- It’s that you can kill anybody.”Such a remarkable, well-balanced prequel/sequel that’s beyond words. An intricately crafted story of the rise and fall of power where Al Pacino and Robert De Niro are just on another level.The Godfather: Part II excels at displaying the similitudes of father and son conducting mafia business as well as the ways it alters their families. A thrilling and sweeping epic that wholly flies by; I think I finally understand the hype. 
3218 This was fan-fucking-tastic 
3219 Francis Ford Coppola is a master of his craft and he proved it again with this timeless masterpiece. Hands down the longest and the most taxing film I've ever watched. I need to sleep on it tonight but all I can say is that, this film deserves every single praise and hype it gotten as much as its predecessor.My final take : The Godfather > The Godfather 2 
3220 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Major Spoilers Ahead! The Godfather Part II is the greatest sequel ever made. The film lives up to the original in every way. The acting is superb again. Al Pacino is great again, it’s a true shame that the Oscars didn’t give him a best actor Oscar. Robert De Niro and John Cazale do phenomenally in their roles as Vito and Fredo also. De Niro lived up to Marlon Brando and played Vito perfectly. John did great as Fredo also, he perfectly…   
3221  after over a year since i first saw the first installment in the corleone legacy, i finally watched The Godfather Part II.the sheer scope of this thing makes it hard to talk about, it's an incredibly overwhelming experience the first time around.i don't want to talk about it just yet because i know i'll sound dumb (just like the people i complain about constantly whenever i rewatch the first film), but i'll rewatch it within the next couple…  
3222 De Niro as Vito Is so good 
3223 Michael Corleone is the son Logan Roy always wanted 
3224 Michael Corleone twink death 
3225  Junior and senior year of high school was the time when I was obsessed with Al Pacino. I saw Serpico, Dog Day Afternoon, Cruising, Sea of Love, Carlito’s Way, Heat, etc. all in an effort to become this man. I took acting both those years (never thought I’d have the guts to act with classmates but I went fuck it mode), and basically dreamed of being Michael Corleone.After seeing this and its predecessor a couple dozen of times (saw…  
3226 Michael Corleone don't hold a grudge challenge!Just as good as the first, Al Pacino is my biggest crush, Bobby De Niro speaking Italian is beautiful, and of course this film is pure genius. I think I'll finally watch part III soon. 
3227  okay okay. now this one. this gave me exactly what i needed. i definitely prefer this over the first on almost every point except perhaps michael since he’s simply maintained one of the best parts throughout the series. i think i kinda love u al pacino in this era…. one of my favorite parts of the first movie was michael’s arc, and this one only furthering that & leading to how much deeper he goes in this one was so well…  
3228  Funny how some people love these movies because "It has cool gangsters" when The Godfather & The Godfather Part 2 are really tragic & heartbreaking.Michael maintains his power but loses his family & any shred of humanity left in him which is perfectly contrasted by Vito's origins story which starts with him losing his family but eventually rebuilding it while gaining power at the same time. I do feel that the portion of the movie set in Havana felt somewhat dragged out…  
3229 This hasn’t aged like wine. It’s aged better. They hide their Business from the children not because they wouldn’t understand, but because they would. “Let them be numb to the world before learning the truth about it” they say... 
3230  Godfather movies ranked: boxd.it/byua4The first movie was way better and i dont get the hype for this movie at all. It was longer, slower and simply just more boring than the first movie. This movie still had many good parts but it just felt way too long and it dragged a lot in the middle, which already made me a bit tired when the intermission started. I liked the idea of making it both a sequel and a prequel…  
3231 The Angry Birds films >>> The Godfather Trilogy.top 40 
3232  Revisiting "The Godfather: Part II" – An Unforgettable Cinematic JourneyI recently finished watching "The Godfather: Part II" again, and let me tell you, it's a movie that doesn't just stand the test of time – it thrives in it. From the very first frame, I was drawn right back into the world of power, family, and complex characters that made the first film a masterpiece. And let me say, this sequel doesn't disappoint.One thing that struck me was…  
3233  “Tell me something, Ma. What did Papa think, deep in his heart?”that's it, that's my favorite quote from all the godfather movies. I think Michael is one of the most interesting and dissectable characters I've seen in a while. I think that's why I watch the godfather so much because you'll never be able to understand his arc fully but it's fun to try, it's fun to try and pick up new things. This quote is probably the most…  
3234 “Every time I put the line in the water I said a Hail Mary and every time I said a Hail Mary I caught a fish”.Incredible performance by one of the greatest of all time, John Cazale ❤️ 
3235 Coppola on te mérite pas mon gars 
3236  Sorry to all the people who think the first one is better (it's still great ofc, and I sincerely do mean that), but the quality of Part II compared to Part I goes ⬆ZOOOOOOOOMMMMM⬆!!! There's so much more to chew on here. The script was so engaging and beautifully complex (like a REALLY good game of chess). The characters were far more fleshed out here, especially Vito and Michael. I loved seeing the differences and similarities between father and son.…  
3237 I only recently watched The Godfather for the first time about 6 months ago. When a movie has been talked up and hyped up so much, it can be really hard for the film to live up to those lofty expectations. The Godfather certainly met those expectations. Having had that experience essentially raised my expectations for The Godfather Part II even further. And yet….I was still blown away by this movie. Not much I can say that hasn’t been said about this film. Masterpiece.  Period. Degrees of Kevin Bacon: 1Robert De Niro and Kevin Bacon in Sleepers 
3238 You broke my heart.*Makes out with you violently* 
3239  Now there is a vocal group of people who rate The Godfather Part II higher than the first, and I can see why. The direction and storytelling of this movie felt more ambitious and accomplished even more in its scale than the first of the trilogy; however, I just did not find The Godfather Part II very entertaining.The dialogue in this film was incredible and Al Pacino really started coming into his own here, but in terms of suspense,…  
3240  I've been calling The Godfather Part II my favourite movie for the last few years and that opinion isn't budging. Finally seeing the film in a movie theater has only deepened my fanaticism. I suppose a small part of me does wish I could pick something a little more odd and offbeat, not a lionized classic widely loved by virtually everyone from hardcore cinephiles to casual moviegoers. But I'd rather be honest than cool. The fact is, no movie's story…  
3241 ohhhhhhh now I get why this one is called part two 
3242 It was a mental game of chess between Michael and Roth. The pawns are usually the first to be eliminated, but Fredo was able to make it til the end 
3243  The Godfather Part 2 is not only the best sequel of all times, it's pretty much the second best movie ever made. A fantastic epic from minute 1 to minute 202. 6th place of my favorite movies and although it is the best sequel, I think the prequel scenes are the best. De Niro plays probably his best role and for me the best supporting role ever. And while we're on the subject of performances, it's also worth mentioning that…  
3244 Honestly pretty underwhelming, and nothing like my favourite gangster film of all time (Gotti). For some reason, they cast brilliant comedic actor Robert DeNiro (Meet the Fockers, Dirty Grandpa) in a dramatic role and it just doesn't work at all. 
3245 Best Fan Service ever. 
3246  omg hot take incoming ong 😭 but these movies weren’t it for me ngl and I know im prolly just being stupid asf and ill regret what im saying in 10 years or sum but yeah these movies didn’t really live up to the hype they were given (again atleast for me) 😫.I was honestly expecting sum action packed mafia movie with twists or sum shit but instead it kind of gave us the same movie trope ☠️ and…  
3247  🥳🥳500 Followers Special!!🥳🥳My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.I don't really prefer this to the first, but The Godfather Part II is really fucking good. The acting is great, the characters are memorable and the slow pacing really works in building the characters and the world up. I love the film's way of telling this story. By bouncing back between…  
3248 The closest anyone has come to channeling Lear and replicating the weight of Shakespeare. It’s a brilliant dissection of power, painfully illustrating the community that creates it and the isolation that comes once you have it. Unequivocally, the greatest sequel ever made and possibly the best that ever will be. 
3249 men of Pacino's stature are in short supply 
3250  eu gostei mais deste aqui do que do primeiro. o contraste da vida do vito, sempre dando muita importância à família é destacado.o único defeito desta segunda parte é ser longo demais, chegando a ser cansativo de assistir, mas entendo que foi para desenvolver tanto o vito jovem quanto o michael corleone no auge de seu poder. foi interessante ver esse comparativo entre as gerações, então esse é um defeito que consegui relevar.gostei dos flashbacks, pois mostraram a…  
3251  Die GlaubensfrageWelcher Film ist der bessere: Der Pate oder Der Pate - Part II. Es ist eine dieser Glaubensfragen unter Cineasten und Freunden des Gangstergenres. Einigen wird die Beantwortung schwerfallen, Andere juckt es nicht und ich kann mit Gewissheit für mich sagen, dass ich den ersten Teil besser finde.Meckern auf hohem NiveauMein einziger Kritikpunkt bleibt der Arc um den jungen Vito Corleone (Robert de Niro). Dieser Handlungsstrang zeigt in der Vergangenheit den Aufstieg Vitos zum Paten von…  
3252  De Niro, Hackman, Hoffman, Nicholson and Pacino...a journeyAl Pacino RankedRobert De Niro RankedPacino #5De Niro #10I have always been of the mind that The Godfather is the superior of the two films. I maintain, having seen it only last year that it is endlessly rewatchable, quotable and possibly the most iconic film ever made. However, this evening I rewatched The Godfather Part 2, for the first time in a while. And it isn't without those…  
3253 times are changing. takes the crosscutting of the baptism sequence from the first and turns it into a 200-minute epic about a family business turning into a business family and a man born with everything turning it into nothing. the last ten minutes manage to feature one of the best and most heart-wrenching fades oat, one of the best flashbacks oat, and one of the best ending shots oat. not to be #basic but I really do not know if there is a better film than this one 
3254  It's better. Took two close watches to unpack such a dense film, but I finally believe the hype. Gone is the warmth, gone is the fun, gone is the family, and all your left with is a subtle downward spiral. You have two contrasting stories that feed into each other perfectly. One, a harrowing reimagination of coming to America and starting life anew; the promise of immigration and the American Dream, where someone took matters into their own hands to…  
3255  Featured Lists   > 1970s Ranked  > Non-2020 First Time Watches   > Best Picture Nominees Ranked“I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”If you thought my some of my opinions about the original Godfather were pretty hot, The Godfather Part II has to be one of my hottest takes yet. This movie is loved, it has one of the highest rating on Letterboxd and I can’t understand how or why. I started watching…  
3256  My father's name was Antonio Andolini... and this is for you.Here it is: the mother of all sequels (and prequels). The movie that some claim to be the best of all-time. I’ve finally watched it, and wow, was it electric.While this film continues the story of Michael Corleone’s reign as the Don and the ever-growing gambling empire he’s inherited, this film also examines the rise of his father Vito Corleone through flashback, and how a man who’s lost…  
3257 This sequel, that also served as a prequel, is definitely & inarguably one of the best. But, wow, this this time  and compared to the 1st part, Godfather Part II just wrecked my emotions big time! 
3258  I'm sure to some the idea of following up The Godfather - which many consider the pinnacle of cinema - was not a wise one. But when The Godfather: Part II finally revealed itself to audiences worldwide on December 20th 1974, most - if not all - were truly mesmerized by it.This was not just some sequel. This was a sequel with brains. A sequel that was just as - if not more - brilliant than its predecessor. It…  
3259  “I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.”Although I ended up not liking the second part of The Godfather as much as the first I have to say that this is still a perfect film. For me it doesn’t quite hit the 5 star mark though just because the story in this one didn’t interest to the same extent. Michael’s character arc in the first is amazing and was a huge reason why I loved…  
3260  The first is unquestionably more iconic and more quotable as well, but for me the second surpasses it as the better movie overall. Whilst Marlon Brando’s presence and demeanour as the Godfather is undoubtedly missed, the origin story behind Vito Corleone portrayed by Robert De Niro was also fantastic in its own way with countless scenes showcasing his ruthless rise to top. It’s really complicated to quantify greatness when comparing completely different roles however I believe Al Pacino’s performance assuming…  
3261  "ICH WEISS DASS DU ES WARST, FREDO!"Wer auch nur im Ansatz der Meinung sei, DER PATE TEIL I würde stellenweise den Gangstermythos prosaisch romantisieren und verharmlosen, glaubt entweder noch an den Weihnachtsmann mit seinem dicken Sack und langer Rute, oder an den Osterhasen der irgendwelche Eier bunt anpinselt.Und selbst wenn DER PATE TEIL I in Ansätzen den Gangstermythos romatisieren würde, so nur dann um diesen spätestens in TEIL II komplett niederzureissen. Genau dies geschieht hier, zwar langsam und…  
3262  Just like the first one, this is beautifully crafted, a true masterclass on filmmaking, but the story just doesn't do it for me.I don't know what it is, but the storytelling doesn't feel as strong as the previous film and just in general it's not as interesting, although a lot more happens it all ends up being all over the place and with this one you can actually feel the runtime, I still liked it, so I don't know…  
3263 Peak Holiday viewing with the parents: enduring 425 commercial breaks (all with essentially the same 6-8 ads running In slightly different order) between watching 5-7 min incremental moments of this classic sequel on a streaming service that cut out all the violence. That it was still mesmerizing through all that clutter is a testament to a masterpiece. Hey, at least the motion smoothing wasn’t on! 
3264  So damn breathtaking at every moment, more grand and poetic than the first, and even slower as this substitutes Part I's somewhat taut and """""simple""""" narrative for a calmer and episodic one, making so much of this honestly hard to follow. Every watch honestly feels like my first one. The world is rich on a surface level, but even richer underneath through what the characters don't even say or even what they suggest through one line of dialogue. It eventually…  
3265  I would rank this below the first. The subplot with the Rosato brothers is under-developed and the film loses a lot of steam in the second half with the Senate hearings, Michael having nothing else to do, and Frank being stuck in the army barracks. It's not quite as good as the first. I think my favorite parts of the movie are with Vito, and not only because it perfectly parallels Michael's attempts to run the family business and it…  
3266 MICHAEL COR FUCKING LEONE! 🐐 It was a blessing that I waited this long to see Part 2 as well as 1 especially with a 4K transfer. A true cinematic marvel. What a story! Part 2 was definitely my favourite. PURE PERFECTION. I now see why this is one of the highest rated films of all time. A timeless masterpiece. 
3267 Al Pacino is phenomenal in this; it’s amazing to see how his character evolves throughout the first two films. It’s difficult for me to pick which of the two I like more because Al Pacino is incredible in this, but I also loved Marlon Brando in the first Godfather. As a huge Rocky fan, it’s very interesting to see how Talia Shire & Joe Spinell are in this series as well. It’s crazy they were part of two iconic film series 
3268  Godfather: Part II --- 1974It's the 1950's and Michael is the leader of a major crime family.He is now rather powerful, but with the power he now has, the risk of losing everything he had prior to gaining said power is actually higher than ever. He has power, but will he have his family?On another front, it's the late 1910's and Vito is arriving in America.He *has* his family, but has little else. How can he…  
3269 Just slightly odd how much a consensus choice for Greatest American Film is set in Lake Tahoe. 
3270 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  That scene near the end when the four brothers are together and Fredo congratulates Michael on being enlisted says sooooo much. Absolute Masterpiece.  
3271 and one taught me pain 
3272  don't ever make the mistake i made: apathetically choose to watch the godfather epic just because it was the only one available to stream. continuity is vital to the expression of this film: the rise of the father, vito corleone, and the fall of his son, michael. if he's Italian -- why does he bother other Italians?you try and find your way in to make it a duality, try and find parallels between the father and the son, but…  
3273 sorry i think i have to watch the first one first i struggled to follow but thats my bad 
3274 if everyone knew i was getting my back blown out by robert de niro as vito corleone everynight they would treat me different 
3275  Film #28 that was recommended to me,feel free to add to the list :D Recommended by: Orfeas , JZB , Orfeas , JZB ,  Oscar  &  Mas Before I start talking about this masterpiece,I want to ask you guys a question.How do you feel about Michael Corleone?How did you feel about him in the first film and did those feelings change in the second film?Do you find him relatable or disguting?Personally I really liked him in the first Godfather and thought…  
3276 This has to be easily one of the best paced 3+ hours films ever. Young De Niro makes for a well convincing Vito Corleone, meanwhile Al still gives everything for Michael's eventual downfall.I can't compare if Part 1 or 2 are better, but each one is amazing in its own right. 
3277  At a loss for words. Not only because it seems absolutely everything that needed to be said, has already been said about this film, but also because I am pretty stunned. I genuinely can’t think of something even slightly coherent to say. I don’t feel the need to say that I’m over exaggerating here because I’m sure everything I have to say about this masterwork has been uttered by many, plenty and plenty of times.There’s before you watch The…  
3278 well damn, back to back masterpieces: these two movies ARE, really as grandiose as the hype insinuates. crazy the range of talent involved. the finale flashback scene was magnificent, along with everything else from start to finish. 
3279 Vito is an ENTJ and Michael is definitely an INTJ. 
3280  I know it was you, Fredo.The juxtaposition between the rise of Vito Corleone and the fall of the good man that Michael Corleone might have been is elegantly laid out as the timeline jumps back and forth between the two stories over the course of the film. But it's drawn into sharp focus only in the final scene of the film, a flashback that sees Michael and the whole Corleone clan awaiting the arrival of their father. Michael announces…  
3281 "times are changing" from the family to the exchequer 
3282 leave the knife, take the olive oil; plenty of superlatives to throw at this on a given day, and I’ll stand by it being better than its predecessor, but it really hit me this time (after not watching it in over a decade) how much more theatrical it feels compared to the crime conventions of the first film — the new hollywood equivalent of slow cinema 
3283 Darker, bleaker, more thematically complex than its predecessor—which also means it's something of a bummer, as we witness the ruin created by a lifetime of evil works. Coppola presents a potent depiction of a growing generational divide, exemplified by the scene where Michael goes to his mother for guidance and we realize there's a gulf between their ways of thinking that will never be crossed, and the opulent production values are a leap forward from the relatively gritty original. But while I appreciate this sequel intellectually, I don't feel it in my bones like the first film. 
3284  I've been watching movies but haven't done any reviews or logged any films yet. I will see if I can catch up but I don't know if any of the reviews will be very long. I was going to watch a different movie on Paramount Plus but ended up watching this one when I noticed it was back on my watchlist there. The nice thing about Paramount Plus is it will add a movie back to that list if it…  
3285  The Great Debate, The Godfather or The Godfather pt II? I honestly have never felt it was really a debate, sure I give them both 5 stars and both are 10/10 movies. But The Godfather is in the running for the greatest movie ever made, I can’t say the same for this one. Marlon Brando and James Caan are impossible to replace, so while the addition of De Niro is great, it just not enough to make up for missing…  
3286 Madagascar 2 is unironically the better sequel 
3287  this is the #1 film that reminds me of the fact that robert de niro's childhood nickname was bobby milk. like yeah, that is bobby milk, you manhattan kids were right to call him that. pale as hell okay so an incredible thing about these movies is that despite being 2h55m and 3h22m respectively (not even getting into part III), it feels like there's so much that's still untapped. the whole time we were watching this my mom and i…  
3288  2021’s 222nd movie • 85/100• Best Picture Winners Ranked : click here •The exact same opinion I have about the first installment of The Godfather is the same opinion I have about the second installment, The Godfather: Part II. Unfortunately, gangster movies are not my cup of tea and I still think there are many other movies that are way better than the ones from this franchise. Even though that’s my opinion, I can’t deny that this movie…  
3289  blood runs thick and it runs black, to the slow, yet charged beat of the life of the American (gangster) Dream as Shakespearean tragedy, unintentionally premeditated by the generational sins of a father, and forcibly molded from ideal/reason into capitalistic violence. Part II bridges origin to inevitable misfortune, the warmth of a sepia Italian homeland and the menace of becoming heir to corruption while Michael Corleone succumbs to corruption himself, alternating between the plague of a courtroom drama and grandiose…  
3290 AL PACINO 
3291 The fact that Al Pacino and Robert De Niro were in the same film but never interacted together with each other is a crime. The first ever time I rated the first film and the sequel 5/5 for any trilogy ever. Bravo Francis. One of the most tragic film out there. “I know it was you, Fredo.” 
3292  Nothing stings more than a knife in the back.Welcome to WatchMojo.com, and today we’ll be counting down our picks for the Top 10 Anime Betrayals. This list isn't just dedicated to the bastards who screw people over, but the overall betrayal as a whole. We're putting emphasis on betrayals the audience wasn't expecting, over betrayals that we all knew were coming. We are also excluding brainwashing via supernatural powers, as those types of betrayals are unintentional. #9: Marvel Movies…  
3293 “Now, soldiers are paid to fight. Rebels aren’t.””What does that tell you?””They could win.” 
3294  "My father always taught me; Keep your friends close and your enemies closer."In continuation of my Godfather Easter Marathon, I watched Part II today after some early morning traveling and family visits. My family gatherings were a little less violent as a Corleone affair, but I had a good time. And I hope you all had a great holiday as well.Now, I hadn't seen Part II in long time. It's runtime always prevented it from being a movie…  
3295  It had been so long since I’d seen this that it was like watching it for the first time again, which is to say, a wonderful experience. Fuelled by Nino Rota’s felicitous score, Part II has more of an epic sweep than the original, spanning a 60-odd year timespan. The rise of Vito and the fall of Michael makes for a remarkable diptych of stories, contrasting how power is gained with how it then controls its possessor; and also in…  
3296 eu prefiro nem elaborar pq se eu falar o que eu penso desse filme vao derrubar a minha conta 
3297  The rise and fall of an empire told across generations. We find ourselves following both Vito Corleone’s rise to power and Michael Corleone’s fall from grace, with the two plotlines effortlessly contrasting each other. Vito’s good will and empathy for the common man is what allows him to rise in power from his humble beginnings. While his crime empire is no doubt an immoral venture, his diligence with his work and passion for his family is what keeps him going.…  
3298  If someone told me a few years ago that from everything I've experienced, a film about organised crime would be the most heartbreaking, depressing and deeply affecting on a personal and emotional level to me, I'd have laughed it off, but here we are. Michael Corleone's quest for individualism and normalcy getting interrupted by the tragedy of succession and turning him into an egotistical, cold and ruthless ruler marking his rise to power and failure as a family man while…  
3299  As the Rocky, Rambo, and even Police Academy films have all proved over the years, making sequels to movies people like is easy. Making said sequels live up to their predecessors’ standards is a bit harder, though it can be done (Aliens). Francis Ford Coppola didn’t just accomplish this for one of the most acclaimed films in cinematic history (The Godfather), but did it only two years after that masterpiece came out, having near-complete control over the production all the…  
3300 the corleone family is my roman empire. 
3301 الجزء الثاني مايقل عظمه عن الاول من النادر نشوف جزء مكمل يكون بقوة الاول الفلاش باك بيرفكت فيلم مليئ بالحوارات والاقتباسات العظيمه مثل اقتباس مايكل كورليوني (ابقي اصدقائك قريبين واعدائك اقرب) ال باتشينو تطور اداءه عن الجزء الاول وخاصه مشهد دخوله للمحكمه ونظرات الشر اداء تاريخي وظهور دي نيرو ابدع باتقان اللكنه الصقليه كان جداً عظيم واستخدام المسويقى التصويريه مع المشاهد كان مذهل من الصعب تشاهد جزء ثاني بقوة الاول اشوف العراب استثناء الاول والثاني مكملين بعضهم فرانسيس فورد كوبولا اثبت نفسه تلك الفتره وهو احد افضل المخرجين في ذلك الوقت العراب هو الكمال السينمائي 
3302 Simply a masterpiece! Even better than Part I and probably the best sequel I have ever seen.I love how the story is told in two different timelines that complement each other perfectly. The flashbacks brilliantly expand the family saga and impressively show the tragedy that is unfolding on Michael's way up.For me personally The Godfather Part II is the best Mafia film of all time. 
3303  Roughly a month ago, I revisited The Godfather for the first time in half of my life, about 14 or 15 years. I always knew it was a brilliant film, but it took me seeing it again to truly understand it's wonders, the artistry of the film making. When the film finished and the review had been typed, I knew the next step was to take a journey through the much beloved, legendary sequel, which also had been viewed only…  
3304  Não é segredo para ninguém o quão sou apaixonado pela trilogia 'The Godfather' — em especial, os dois primeiros longas — e, por isso, faz-se necessário uma análise para defender essa obra-prima, de toda perversidade da Sil e outros de meus seguidores. Ela desativou o Letterboxd, mas logo deve voltar e ler minha defesa. KKKKKK Vencedor de seis Oscars, incluindo Melhor Filme, foi a primeira sequência a ser contemplada com o Best Picture. Não que o Oscar seja grande coisa,…  
3305  1974 RankingMy Top 100 Films I love after the opening callback to the previous film, the camera stays at such a distance from Michael for the next few appearances. Almost as it’s tentatively preparing us for the changed Don Michael. I just love how thematic each cut between young Vito and Michael is. There’s a reason this film flies by despite juggling so many things going on in two timelines. And boy is it wholesome whenever De Niro plays…  
3306  I'll just say it up front: I still love The Godfather more.Now that we've got that out of the way, I'll also say this: The Godfather: Part II is the best sequel I've seen to date. At no point does it seem like a cheap, unnecessary addition to the the story or a money-motivated indulgence on the part of the filmmaker. It's a complete film in its own right.Three and a half hours all but flew by as…  
3307  No film has ever been more in love with its subject than The Godfather Part II is with Robert De Niro as Vito Corleone. The thesis of the movie is that Vito is cool and hot, while Michael is a punk bitch. Made up like a silent movie star, De Niro struts around the wonderfully artificial street(s) of depression-era New York like a mythic folk hero. Of course it creates a horrifically tragic parallel to the very tactile, ugly world…  
3308 I do not give a shit about any of these people or anything that's happening. I spent the last two hours waiting for it to just fucking be over. 
3309 as someone who has also broken their landlord’s no pets policy it just really hits home when De Niro says the 👏 dog 👏 stays 
3310  For me this honestly just doesn't compete with the first one, which has so many Moments not worth expressing with words that arguably make it The Film of all time. hard to express how good it is. what i can say about this one is i care very little for vito's backstory interwoven into a film in which he is already dead. i never want to know or hear about anyone's origin story, not ever. not a corleone or a…  
3311  Wow! The first time I watched the original Godfather and this movie I thought that the first one was much better, but after seeing this again, that margin is much narrower.The story picks up a few years after when the original ended and it follows Michael Corleone once again. The biggest points of this movie are actually very similar to the major points of the original just with a new context. That didn't bother me a lot, but the…  
3312 OKAY EVERYBODY, I GET IT NOWBest Picture Winners RankedBest Director Winners RankedBest Supporting Actor Winners Ranked 
3313  The sequel certainly lives up to the expectations it’s predecessor has set. Literally everything about this film is great. My favourite thing is the flashback to Vito Corleone’s life. Robert De Niro was perfect for this role. Vito’s life was so interesting. To see how he was introduced to the life of crime. The ending was pretty much similar to the first one but I felt different emotions whilst watching this one. You don’t feel a sense of justice like…  
3314  Just to mention one of the amazing things that this film is doing: flashbacks.The intertwining of Vito's and Michael's lives, of the beginnings of the Corleone empire and its painful peak, is never tacky. The fundamental similarities between the father's and the son's practices mix with their tragic differences, yet this complex relationship is completely coherent. The flashbacks make it seem as though Michael is always remembering, constantly thinking about his father, wondering "what would Vito do? What would…  
3315  My expectations for this one was sky high. After just finished what i, alongside many others would consider perfection, meeting the standard set by the predecessor felt like an impossible task for this one. After i’ve now finished part 2, i feel like thinking that was insulting to this ones superb excellence. While i’d still say i slightly prefer the first one, there’s just so overwhelmengly many important details within this film that applies to what certain characters did or said…  
3316  The circular tragedy of humanity. Idealism always will culminate in tragedy. Empires will collapse and revolutions won't succeed. The only thing that is always left is the final link of an ideal holding onto a grotesque replica of what was initially imagined, refusing to see the truth and rejecting any signs of reality that may approach them. Among the bravest films Coppola has made, this goes beyond the prequel-sequel cross-cutting, it's all about how he makes the coldest and most…  
3317  “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”I will never argue if you differ from my opinion, but The Godfather: Part II is better than its predecessor. They're both masterpieces of their own right, but something about this film gets to me. The structure is perfect. The transitions between Michael and Vito hit at the perfect time every single take, showing us the complete opposite of what's happening in another story. The performances in this film are some of…  
3318 Has there ever been a fictional character portrayed by two more iconic actors than Don Vito Corleone played by Marlon Brando & Robert De Niro? 
3319 nothing new to say but when I was scrolling through friends’ reviews for this film every. single. one. is just extreme thirsting over a.) al pacino b.) robert de niro or c.) both… I follow a bunch of horny fucks 
3320  New Godfather, Michael Corleone, and his rise parallels his young father, Vito Corleone, and his own ascension to the head of the family, years earlier.It boggles the mind to consider this masterpiece came along so quickly after the first. Puzo and Coppola must have been making plans for a follow-up long before they were ever given the go-ahead. Either way, The Godfather Part II shattered every mold when it landed. It gave life to the idea that a sequel…  
3321 Godfather Part II did precisely what any good sequel should strive to do. Expand upon the themes created in the original to ultimately be the (less iconic but ) better movie. I don't think i can ever recall a film with as much tension and passion as this masterpiece 
3322 Bruh this one's almost an hour longer and there wasn't even an offer to refuse. no shot bro 
3323 al pacino i’m free thursday night and every other night of the week for you 
3324 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Here’s a thought experiment: imagine it’s 1972, and after walking out of a screening of The Godfather I tell you that there’ll be a sequel/prequel hybrid coming just two years down the line. I can’t speak for everyone, but I’m fairly certain I’d say (to myself, I guess) something along the lines of “cool, but why?” The Godfather: Part II, while pretty obviously a very good film, never quite manages to find an answer to that question. Michael growing in…   
3325  Francis Ford Coppola did the impossible. First, he made one of the best movies of all time, and then he made a sequel, which is mostly on par with its predecessor.“The Godfather: Part II” is actually both a sequel and a prequel to the first movie. One storyline shows us the backstory of Vito Corleone and how he built his crime empire. The other storyline shows us Michael Corleone´s struggle to maintain and expand his power as the new…  
3326  Unlike many people, I enjoyed this sequel more than the first film. Its gripping plot kept me hooked from beginning to end. There was more action in this one too which is always a boost for me. I loved seeing Vito's origin story, and if that had been in The Godfather, maybe I would have liked it more. I loved how both stories folded together: The Corleone Family's rise in Vito's story vs. It's downfall in Michael's. The scenery was…  
3327  Everything that could have possibly been said about The Godfather and its sequel has already been said, so I'll say nothing.Okay, I'll say one thing.I can't think of a better way to watch this other than in Radio City Music Hall with a packed crowd and an anniversary panel with the cast and director. Coppola and Duvall talking about their experiences with Brando will remain implanted in my mind for a long, long time.I would not have…  
3328  WINTER "HIGH ART" MARATHON #100One day before spring, I'm a man of my word. I got up at 8 AM and started watching this before my 2 PM shift. I'm seriously torn on which one I like more, this or the first one. I love the father/son narrative, but it also made me love the first one even MORE knowing all this backstory. This movie really is a masterpiece and definitely one of my favorite sequels of all time.…  
3329  We’re bigger than U.S Steel. Much bigger. Godfather 2 engulfs all of cinema, its largeness equaled only by the film that came before it. It doubles down on greatness both literally and figuratively, pairing the already imperious Al Pacino with Robert De Niro. Father and son. American and Italian. Icon and icon. It is an immigrant story, charting Vito Corleone’s (De Niro) rise to power. But it is also a sprawling drama of generational trauma, tracing his son, Michael Corleone’s…  
3330 made the best movie of all time.4 times.in a row.(francis ford coppola’s resume in the 70’s probably) 
3331 “i have my own plans for my future” <//3the rise of vito and the fall of michael… THE LAST 20 MINUTES OF THIS WERE AMAZING. that final flashback was one of the most tragic scenes i’ve ever seen in my life, so much was said through their interactions and so much was foreshadowed. 
3332 so was anyone gonna tell me that robert de niro is insanely hot in this or was i just supposed to find out myself 
3333 Just refreshing my mind with cinema 
3334 Es perfecta, majestuosa, fantástica, sorprendente, impactante, impecable en todos los aspectos posibles. Dura 3 horas y media y literalmente se te pasa volando y nunca te aburrís, sentí que la escena inicial con el joven Vito la había visto hace como 1 horita...aunque prefiera la primera por bastante (sobretodo por Marlon Brando), esta es una secuela igual de perfecta que su antecesora. 
3335 Es fällt wirklich nicht schwer zu behaupten, dass The Godfather II das wohl beste Sequel der Filmgeschichte ist. Ich kann mich nicht erinnern, dass es irgendein Film davor oder danach geschafft hat eine Vorgeschichte und ein Sequel gleichzeitig in dieser Qualität zu erzählen. Performances, Bilder, Musik, Geschichte. Alles am Rande der Perfektion. Im Prinzip auf einer Stufe mit dem Vorgänger. In mir hat lediglich die Figur um Vito im Vorgänger mehr Interesse geweckt. Also in meinem Ranking knapp hinter dem ersten Godfather. 
3336  Paramount. Coppola Restoration Blu-Ray1.85:1Color35mm18“You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”SECOND VIEWING Coppola’s sequel/prequel is the definition of outstanding. It stands as a sequel, a prequel, and if you really want, it can also be viewed as a standalone feature. For a middle film in a franchise with connective tissue, it’s a truly  astonishing achievement. The idea to layer and mirror the past, present and future with Vito’s and Michael’s separate rise to power…  
3337  Is it weird to call The Godfather Part II a horror movie?Francis Ford Coppola approaches this sequel with the upmost respect and sincerity. From the casting of Robert De Niro as a younger Vito Corleone to the brilliant characterisation, and juxtaposition, of his son, Michael. What terrifies me the most about both Part II and it's predecessor, is it's construction of Michael, played brilliantly by Al Pacino. How a character can go from a gentle and sweet individual, to…  
3338  Another 50th anniversary screening. Wasn't planning to rewatch so soon after having caught this a couple of months back, but the opportunity was too good to pass. Pacino opposite his acting teacher Lee Strasberg is aces. Hyman Roth’s lamentation about Moe Green is brilliantly acted. Strasberg showing the kids how’s it done. It's baffling how easily De Niro slips into Vito Corleone and gives an equally iconic performance as Brando. Imagine the pitch, "Bobby, we want you to take up…  
3339  Pretty incredible movie. I don’t think it’s as good as the original though — the screenplay isn’t as tight, pacing isn’t as good and it misses that spark that was brought by Marlon Brandos performance as vito. Never the less, a incredible sequel.Vito was a loving and calm man where family was his first priority, whilst Michael is more angry, unhinged and cares about business over anything else. So the vibe is very different between the two films! I…  
3340  “I don’t feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.”The Godfather: Part II is a movie of parallels. Past and present. Father and son. Family and business. A fight against power and a fight to maintain it. It has a dual plot structure unrelated in story but thematically highlighting the tragedy of change.Compared to the first one, this feels more ambitious, just like Michael’s new intentions. Three and a half hours is nothing to scoff…  
3341  You think Rian Johnson subverts expectations? Let me tell you about my boy Francis...The first Godfather is about the improbable rise of Michael Corleone, the easy-to-cheer-for World War 2 soldier whose hand is forced into the family business after his older brother is brutally murdered and his father passes away. The movie ends with Michael righting some wrongs and dabbling into a little bit of evil as he orders the death of his treacherous brother-in-law… “Don’t ask me about…  
3342 Far and away the most overrated movie I’ve ever seen. I know this is a very hot take but this has never clicked with me. Why does this story exist? What happens in this film that doesn’t happen in the second half of part 1? I’m so bored with this film because it feels redundant. We see Micheal become EVEN MORE of a monster? Okay. For 2.5 hours? Gets a lil stale. Still shot well. The acting especially De Niro, and especially not Pacino, is pretty good. Overall though, a unnecessary and mediocre film. 
3343 Films Watched in 2022 - Film 377I’m glad I rewatched this because I barely remembered any of it. It’s very different from the first and I still feel like I’mmissing something to be honest.Somewhere between a 3.5 and a 4. Had it at a 4 but slept on it and felt nothing towards it really. 
3344  If the original Godfather is the ascension of Michael Corleone to stop the passing of the ages, the sequel is Michael's final commitment to power, and all of its terrible costs. When absolute power corrupts absolutely, what remains for those on the throne? Power's great price, isolation, originates deep in the heart of those Machiavellians who would harden their hearts beyond all redemption, to control all humans by force, lucre, and menace. Without a single passage into their vulnerability, the…  
3345  Part I tells a complete story of one man's fall into corruption, but Part II is what transforms it into tragedy. It is a heavy, grandiose sprawl - we're still in the realm of opera, but if the first film is more like Puccini, depicting with grubby realism the effects of human cruelty and depravity on other humans, this one is Wagnerian, plunging us into a world that has already fallen, watching a man whose fate is preordained from before…  
3346 you know you're the don when you can eat an orange like an apple in a room full of people and no-one says a damn thing about it 
3347  The Godfather: Part II --- 1974Godfather: Part II is an ambitious movie. In many respects it might be just as ambitious as the first Godfather film and in fact it might be even more ambitious than the first in it's overall story arc. To say it has a epic feel to it would be more than fair to this movie.The movie takes up where the first movie leaves off. Michael has more power than ever before. But does…  
3348 Obviously I don’t have anything to say about this since it’s the fucking Godfather but I gotta say this did not feel like 3.5 hours at all. Fucking flew by.5/5 
3349  for some reason i just really felt like rewatching this and it was in my top 20 but it’s now in my top 5 and i prefer this over the first one (even though it is a perfect masterpiece aswell). easily one of the best movies ever made, i hate the imdb top 10 but this one deserves it’s spot. just incredible writing, acting, directing. like i look at this film and i can’t even find a nitpick. this is…  
3350 Better than the first imo, and that is saying something 
3351  Right off the bat I’m going to nip any comparison to the first in the bud. In terms of a singular viewing experience I’d say I prefer the first, but honestly the two films are so perfectly complimentary of each other that I find any kind of “which is better” discussion entirely reductive.Michael Corleone’s journey is far more sprawling than Vito’s and we see from the very beginning that Michael is not Vito. He has scenes that reminisce scenes…  
3352 I mean, it was good, but it didn't subvert my expectations. 
3353  It's maybe the greatest sequel ever made, in that what's accomplished in The Godfather Part II builds from the legacy that was left behind by Vito Corleone at the end of the first film to give us a sense of the ways one's own rise to becoming the Don of the Corleone family affected their interactions with the people around themselves. In Vito's case, we see how his childhood in Sicily was always tied back to the Mafia - leading…  
3354 Fredo is exactly like Pablo Gucci 🤣🤣🤣 
3355 i’ve written a beautiful, long, thought-provoking review of this three times now but letterboxd keeps glitching and changing it to a two sentence al pacino thirstpost. idk what’s happening this is so weird 
3356  To get the most pressing question out of the way first, between “The Godfather” and its sequel, the original is unequivocally the better film. At least in my books. I get why some people favor Part II though. It’s broader and far more ambitious, dividing its running time not exactly equally but significantly between two timelines set half a century apart and diving much deeper into the exact nature of the criminal enterprises of the Corleone clan. Which is perhaps…  
3357 R.I.P. Fredo (Notice Me) [feat. Young Nudy] 
3358 fantastic, grand, howling, marvellous, marvelous, rattling, terrific, tremendous, wonderful, wondrous extraordinary. Stunning, Unimaginable, Phenomenal, Splendid, Remarkable, Unbelievable, Breathtaking, amazingly, astonishingly, exceptionally, extraordinarily, fantastically, impressively, magnificently, marvelously, marvellously, strikingly, splendidly, wonderfully, glorious, epic, majestic, massive, impressive and perfectly perfect. 
3359 why choose between young al pacino and robert de niro when you can have both 
3360 it’s my birthday 🤭 treating myself to some al pacino & daddy de niro 🫣💐🩷 
3361  “Tom, you surprise me if anything in this life is certain if history has taught us anything it’s that you can kill anyone.”-Micheal Corleone The Godfather part 2 is like watching two films in one with the brilliantly executed rise to power/revenge story of Vito Corleone played by Robert De Niro who does such a phenomenal job portraying the character of Vito you also have to appreciate the voice De Niro had in this which is one of the many reasons why…  
3362 masterclass in filmmaking. i don’t know which i prefer honestly, this or the first one. an absolute epic with all-timer performances. tied as the greatest film i’ve ever seen at the moment. 100/100 
3363  First review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather-part-ii/Second review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather-part-ii/1/A few months after watching the first movie together, I´ve also shown the second Godfather film to my little brother. Fortunately, he loved it. I´ve already said everything I have to say about the movie in my previous reviews, so check them out. In short, “The Godfather: Part II” is a masterclass in filmmaking and the best sequel/prequel you could wish for. The first two Godfather movies together remain the definitive American family saga…  
3364  Hot take? This was good. This was not great. The story is fascinating, the ingenious idea to show Michael’s attempt at becoming the don while simultaneously showing Vito’s rise is the perfect way to tell this story. De Niro is doing classic De Niro shit and I love him here. His storyline is excellent. On the flip side, Pacino is fine as this darker Micheal but I think he was 1000x better in the first. The dude is a very…  
3365  I’ve actually never seen the sequels before, and was 100% ready to say that this movie is overrated and how I don’t understand why some people like this better than the first film but... I spoke too soon because I might like it better than the first. While discussing that scene with Micheal and Kay in historical film studies, one of the filmbros was feeling bold and decided to tell us why he had cheered when Micheal hit her, proclaiming…  
3366  A minha expectativa não estava tão alta, pensei que a sequência não superaria a grandeza que é O Poderoso Chefão, me enganei, porque este filme chega muito perto de superá-lo.  
3367 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "i know it was you, fredo... you broke my heart, you broke my heart!"LA ESCENA FINAL DIOS ME QUIERO MORIR 😭la primera película me encantó, tiene infinidad de escenas iconicas y memorables, pero esta siento que es mucho más profunda en cuanto a los personajes y el desarrollo de estos.me encantó la manera en la que nos muestran el contraste entre vito y michael; vito llegó a donde estaba rodeado de su familia e incluso muere con…   
3368 This movie is 1A to The Godfather being 1. I almost wish De Niro & Pacino could’ve shared the screen a la Heat but this is great the way it is. 
3369 I can see why this is considered one of the greatest sequels of all time. It does everything a great sequel should and it feels all natural. I may like the first one more, but this is still great. Again, one of the best sequels of all time. 
3370 “I know it was you Fredo, you broke my heart”This is a mental detox after watching “no hard feelings” last night. I think unquestionably this is Al Pacino most prestige performance, he is an extraordinary actor who brings a subtle and terrifying portrayal as the new godfather of the Corleone family. This movie deserves more than 5 stars 
3371 Loved it, such an amazing sequel that expanded on the themes and ideas of the original while staying true to all the characters.Can’t really say too much else as Ive just finished it but I’m sure over the following days I’ll fully take in everything that happened in this very long film and be able to properly convey my thoughts better. 
3372  Pretty incredible.Considering my lukewarm reaction to the first installment of the trilogy, let's just say I was surprised at how easily Part II gripped me. It's so well-paced that it feels like a 90 minute flick, and so well-shot that I'd endlessly praise the cinematography after viewing on a laptop. And there's not a weak link in terms of performances, but Al Pacino and John Cazale are marvelous in their roles. Sounds trite, I know, but this floored me.…  
3373 I can fix him 
3374 All things considered, when arriving alone in America little Vito was really lucky that the immigration officer did not register him as Vito Solo.There is so little I can add to the discussion that I already resorted to jokes. Of course it is fantastic. One more thing that stands out to me: The band at the beginning not knowing any Italian music, that is just pure Coppola genius in presenting a theme. 
3375 Got to be the perfect sequel. I can see why people struggle to decide if the 1st or 2nd one is better. Al Pacino is just brilliant as usual and De Niro had an almost impossible job playing Vito as well as Marlon Brando but he stepped in brilliantly. Only negative about this film was outside the main characters, some of the acting was diabolical. 
3376 The relationship between Michael and Fredo is just amazing and Robert de Niro as young Vito Corleone was terrific and he defiantly deserved that Oscar back in the 1970's.Overall amazing!! 
3377  The biggest disappointment I have with reviewing this film is that I recently watched part one and gave that film 5 stars yet this film is even better than part one. Does that mean part one isnt a 5 star movie? No, no i dont think so. I just think that this is one of the super rare examples of a film requiring more stars than we have available. Almost a film that really does set the bar for all…  
3378 Now this is how you make a sequel. 
3379 "A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man." - Vito Corleone, The Godfather 
3380  Honestly I was somewhat underwhelmed by this and I know there’s a large camp that professes this superior or better than the first. I find the first Godfather to be more atmospheric, better paced, and the performances even more remarkable. Also the ending is far more memorable and dynamic. This spends more of its time focused on the political side of organized crime and the business type meetings behind closed doors.The dialogue can tend to feel more like a…  
3381 Fuck it, 5 stars for "I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart." And then the look after because that is one of my favorite cinematic moments of all time. 
3382 Please De Niro do a great performance again, I need it! We need it! 
3383 poor Fredo, he just wanted to catch a fish for Anthony 
3384  Al Pacino’s hair is fucking immaculate throughout all of Part II.Part II is such a special film for me. I’m not gonna beat the dead horse that is this film’s universal acclaim, you’ve heard it all before. There’s not one misplaced narrative stroke or compulsion of character in Part II, replicating the finely tuned balance of The Godfather and committing to cracking these characters open, bleeding them profusely all over the film’s thorny canvas. This film is a monstrous, twisted affair…  
3385  Ok, I get why people say this is the best sequel. It adds multiple layers of texture to the original film, both showing Vito’s early years to expand on that character, and then showing Michael’s further workings in the underworld. It could be two separate films, both are so engrossing, but the switch back and forth doesn’t weaken either which is very impressive. Every time the perspective changes, I wanted to go back to the one I’d just left. Overall…  
3386 god al pacino’s voice is out of this world. it’s like a switch, he can yell and it’s scary (but also hot) and then he lowers it to a whisper. it becomes so delicate and sweet so anything he said before is out of your mind. you become mesmerized and it’s a beautiful ability that al has. 
3387 10TH TIME WHO ELSE IS SCARED.... 
3388 “I was heading to a golden land of opportunity, a land with a pioneering spirit which welcomed misfits like me - but I ended up in America instead.” 
3389 Strangely enough, I preferred this sequel to the Original thanks to the brilliant use of flashbacks regarding Don Corleone's youth perfectly echoing Michael's current struggling in maintaining his father's legacy. Much like the first one, beautiful cinematography and impeccable acting. 
3390 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  The first Godfather is unquestionably an epic, but even that word doesn't do the enormity of its sequel justice. It's fucking huge, and even when its leisurely pacing and nonstop darkness threaten to become cumbersome, the stark contrasts between Vito building an empire and Michael destroying it--I apologize in advance--pull you back in. Part II is far from casual viewing and plays like a descent into a very real emotional hell, but it's considered essential for a reason.  
3391  Meu pai me ensinou muitas coisas aqui, nesta sala.Ele me ensinou: “Mantenha seus amigos por perto, mas seus inimigos mais perto”.Sinceramente o filme é simplesmente sensacional, porém na minha opinião o primeiro ainda é absurdamente superior a esse.O filme é realmente foda, mas essa mesclagem de história entre o passado do Vito Corleone e o futuro do Michael Corleone sinceramente pra mim não caiu bem, não que seja ruim por que isso não passa nem perto, mas…  
3392 i want al pacino to suck me the same way he sucked that orange 
3393 i’ll never get over the way pacino eats that orange 
3394 “If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.”A worthy sequel. Sophie is now a John Cazale fan like her momma. 
3395  It's undeniably a good movie but for me this isn't the masterpiece it's made out to be. I was hoping a rewatch would change my mind like it did with the first one but unfortunately it'll have to settle for just being a great movie and not an all time great.I think for me the thing that lets it down is the prequel side of things which I neither needed nor cared for. I was all in on Michael's…  
3396 i refuse to put two hot queens against eachother 
3397  The Godfather review hereRather than a straightforward continuation of its highly acclaimed predecessor, The Godfather: Part II mixes things up. The continuation is done but as a parallel juxtaposition of the central characters as both sequel AND prequel. I haven't said anything new, really. But it's that reason why I think this sequel is likely the best of its kind in cinema. Power earned for family v. Power inherited and blinded by the hunger for more. The Michael Corleone…  
3398 This movie is the best sequel ever (even better than Before Sunset) 10/10 
3399  “Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer.”Featured Lists:-Best Picture Winners RankedTo me, there’s no debate which of the first two Godfather films is better. Yes, this is 4.5 stars and the other is 5, so at a glance there’s not much difference. But I strongly prefer the original to the sequel, mostly because of the storyline and overall script. Of course, there are moments I love here. The Fredo storyline is easily the best thing in…  
3400 everybody’s always like robert de niro shows up in part two!! but what they should really add is:a) he plays a young marlon brandob) he speaks Italian for the whole movie 
3401 "If history has taught us anything it's that you can kill anyone" I think the most iconic line in cinema history is "keep your friends close but your enemies closer" and Al delivers it with pure perfection as he does with every line in this film.This is the perfect gangsta story I can't imagine it any different the Corlione family defines the word "MAFIA" 
3402 Everything I said about the first film is equally applicable to this, the greatest sequel of all time. It's possibly a notch above, or maybe below, but regardless, it's too close to call. My vote is one notch above. YMMV, but I thoroughly respect either position. Sublime. 
3403  79/100(was a 62/100)When I referred to the first film as “the great American tragedy”, I was really talking about the first in conjunction with the second rather than just the first(maybe the third will fit into this, who knows). This is a film that’s revelatory in so many ways, but first and foremost in the depths of its anguish. While the first was an all-consuming spectacle of violence, destruction, and pain, this film takes it a step further by…  
3404 First time I watched this i didn’t enjoy it a lot, now it’s literally one of my all time favorites, young vito and michael corleone I love you forever 
3405  “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”As damn good as they say, but still far from the original. This is more of a testament to the first film’s insane greatness rather than a testament to Part II’s slight shortcomings in comparison. I’m really tempted to match the 10/10 rating but I do find some problems that should be recognized in the score. What carries over from the original is pretty obvious: the cinematography, direction, production/costume design, and on. It…  
3406  "My father taught me many things here, he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."Clocking in at 3 hours and 22 minutes, aside from things that were needed to be done, I still had to have two sittings for this one. Well, this must be the first time that I had the excitement to continue an unfinished viewing. The Godfather: Part II is undeniably a terrific sequel to a masterful…  
3407 disappointed al pacino didn’t win an oscar for his performances in the godfather (note i still have to see the 3rd one but HE IS MICHAEL) so i think we should all fly out to los angeles and attack the academy at dawn!!! yeah, it’s been a long time but it be like that sometimes 
3408 Masterpiece: Part II. 
3409  Widely considered the best film of all time, I went into watching this believing it would be an easy 5 star rating. Much like the first Godfather movie, I found it to be too tiresome and overrated. Sure, there’s beautiful cinematography and strong acting performances, but its extended runtime and boring tone makes it a bit of a slogfest. There is definitely some notable scenes that are worthy of praise, but I cannot for the life of me justify the…  
3410 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyoneBetter than the first one in every single way. Every. Single. Way. The first is a great film, it’s a technical marvel to behold but emotionally it does absolutely nothing for me, it’s an enjoyable watch but it’s not one I feel connected to or am particularly engaged with. Part II, on the other hand, is one of the most…   
3411 First time seeing this classic. Honestly like the first one better. This has the same great technical qualities, but I felt thet extra 30 minutes in runtime, and I’m not sure if I liked the back and forth time jumping. And no Brando. Still has the further exploration of Michael’s story which is very interesting, and I like the paranoia aspect of a rat in the family. 
3412  okay. probably my most controversial review ever.i did not enjoy this movie. i thought i would. for the first hour or ninety minutes i even convinced myself that I'm having a good time, but i didn't. to quote Peter Griffin (although he said this for the first movie), The Godfather Part II simply insists upon itself. although it is even longer than its predecessor and deals with far more material, this movie feels like a bar of chocolate with…  
3413 i just think that robert de niro in the godfather part II is the best anyone has ever looked, so i was actually valid for going to see him in a theater about it 
3414 101 Films in 2020Cool! 
3415 Six likes and I’ll arrange pasta in the shape of Al Pacino’s hairline and then eat it. 
3416  Sight and Sound’s Greatest Films of All Time (2022) – #105"If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill anyone."As colossal as it is shattering. Several shades more despairing than its predecessor with a searing emphasis on the direct, tragic juxtaposition of one family empire's emblematic rise and fall.Coppola and Puzo construct a tonally (and structurally) distinct sequel that contextualizes the present by echoing the past — both…  
3417  Flawless filmmaking across every aspect, and in every detail. Exceeding every single expectation amongst every single qualification. Exploring the likes of loyalty with blood, with family, and loyalty with business. Some of the most fascinating character development brought upon each individual. Individuals that later go on to be revealed as pawns, soldiers. All decoys carrying inferiority. Not a single identifiable flaw whatsoever in its three and a half hour runtime. It holds arguably the greatest script and ending to ever…  
3418 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Francis ford coppola: we just lost marlon Brando and James caan, 2 of the greatest actors of all time. How are we possible going to live up to the firstRobert de Niro: you talkin to me?A lot of people complain about the runtime, but I’m glad this is 3 hours so the next time someone tells me 3 hour films are unecessary I can sit them down and watch this with them. This film fires on all cylinders…   
3419  To start off with, I just have to say The Godfather movies are obviously classics, (bar the third film) but they’re not the easiest to get through down to their long runtimes and slower pacing than a lot of other films. So they’re not some of my most enjoyable films, but they are amazing classics.This film was great- I enjoyed the two storylines equally and they were both very strong, I loved Robert De Niro’s portrayal of Don Vito,…  
3420  The Godfather || (1974) ~ 9.5/10Lista 14/35ESPAÑOL ~ SPANISHEscribí la crítica entera y no se porque razón se me borro, me quiero matar.Pero bueno empiezo de vuelta, antes de empezar con la crítica quiero aclarar una cosa y es que al ver la película no anote absolutamente nada, algo que comúnmente hago hoy no lo hice, así que todo lo que vaya diciendo va a ser lo que me acuerde o me surja en el momento…  
3421 are you kidding me?? two for two? I usually have a terrible attention span when it comes to long movies yet I was intrigued by this the entire time and was actually bummed when it ended, I already want to rewatch asap.also, AL PACINO IS (I can’t think of a better word because I’m actually speechless lol) AWESOME! 
3422  "Fredo, you're nothing to me now."I never thought I'd get a chance to see The Godfather on the silver screen, let alone its sequel. Neither one is among my all-time favorites, but experiencing two such significant movies the way they were meant to be seen (ignoring the fact that neither was an analog screening), was an opportunity I couldn't pass on. I saw Part I a week ago and had already purchased a ticket for Part II, but contemplated…  
3423 You crazy for this one Michael!!Watching this on a Saturday morning. Just enough Godfather to wet my beak. This is the best sequel ever. Everything past the intermission is perfect. Lets bring back intermissions. Society needs them!John Cazale you broke my heart. You broke my heart! 
3424 the way michael bites into that orange in that one scene was criminal 
3425  everything that needs to be said about this film has been said but i'd like to highlight how well coppola tells this story visually. there's a lot of plot here, this capo here, this other capo there, the revolution in cuba, jumping across timelines but it remains so simple in his direction and faith in his actors. i can't count how many times i knew how each scene was going to play out and that's not because of predictable but…  
3426  “Good health is the most important thing. More than success, more than money, more than power.“Undoubtedly not as tight-paced or plotted, intensely executed, and memorable in blood-curdling sequences or waves of dialogue as its imposing predecessor, The Godfather Part II ultimately doesn’t vanquish with its technical abilities when placed next to its dear “parent” in my opinion. Yet, it seems unfair to completely hold Part II accountable for not quite living up equally to the groundworks of what Francis…  
3427  I don't know how Francis Ford Coppola was able to make this film as amazing as it is but he found a way. He managed to continue the story after the masterpiece the first Godfather was and I can happily say that this film is just as amazing as the first film. The story had me invested the whole way through, the cinematography is stunning, the musical score is fantastic, the direction is phenomenal, the screenplay is amazing, the editing…  
3428 A- // 89Compared to Part I, this one had much more defined character arcs which I really appreciated, but the Vito storyline unfortunately petered out towards the end, and many other segments (including the court trials) made it feel a bit too long and bloated. The performances were great though and as said before I loved the moral destruction of Micheal Corleone. (Still don't get the  overblown hype for these films though, they sure are great but nothing incredibly mind-blowing) 
3429 it’s the Huntsman: Winter’s War of the Godfather universe 
3430  Film #3 of the 100 Degrees, 100 Movies ChallengeCommon actor from previous film: John CazalePREVIOUS FILM: The GodfatherNEXT FILM: The Godfather: Part IIII was really excited to watch this one, despite it's mammoth 200min runtime, mainly due to the fact that a lot of people say this one is better than the first, which I watched for the first time yesterday and LOVED!While I'm sad to say I don't agree with the people saying this…  
3431 Great sequel and terrific reworking of the ideological aspects of its predecessor. 
3432  Speechless at the moment. I had no clue that anything could top Part I but it sure as hell did. I’m actually at a loss for words right now and don’t really know what do with myself now that it’s over. Both Part I and II deserve all the praise they’ve gotten and more than that. and can we talk about ROBERT DE FUCKIN NIROS PERFORMANCE???!!! Talk about embodiment of a character. This is one of the valuable stories about…  
3433 If it's possible, this is might be better than it's first part. Darker, more intimate, the themes reverberate loudly and perfectly. Al Pacino is absolutely mesmerizing, and Coppola's handle of such a complicated narrative is terrific. 
3434  The first 40 minutes of this film I was really confident this film was going to be on par if not superior in places to the first film. Especially because of the rating of this on Letterboxd being tied with the rating of the first. I was hoping that we would see the parallels of Vito's rise to power, whilst Michael's loss of control and power (working out who the traitor is etc). Instead we hardly get to see much…  
3435  The Godfather Part II (1974) is a movie that I recently watched for the first time in a long time on Paramount+. The storyline picks up with Michael as The Godfather trying to ensure the family is evolving with the times and making the right business decisions. Meanwhile rats are still around him from his fathers passing that don't agree with his business decisions and direction. Michael will need to flush the rats and determine how deep they've penetrated his…  
3436 There’s nothing more or new to be said with either this film or the first so just look at the reviews I’ve liked and those are all my thoughts and opinions. Also just to add, seeing Vito’s backstory was absolutely amazing and really adds even more appreciation and love for the first film! 
3437 hundreds of thousands of little albanian boys have seen this and thought "wow michael is just like me" 
3438 é um excelente filme, mas não supera o primeiro. 
3439 this was fucking great i liked it more than part one and al pacino is still very hot 
3440 Provavelmente o único defeito desse filme seja sua longa duração. Tirando essa parte é totalmente épico e perfeito. 
3441 j'ai mis 1k5€ dans un home cinema c'est pas pour voir des films de salope quand même 
3442 happy thanksgiving! personally i’m thankful for al pacino 
3443 Although it is more of a slow burner than the prequel, De Niro's exceptional performance showcasing young Vito Corleone's rise to the top was the icing on the cake to leapfrog it above its predecessor for me. One of the only critiques I can have (except for the pacing at certain points) was that De Niro could have had a bit more screen time. Al Pacino also gives an Oscar-worthy performance portraying Michael Corleone's demise, which was fascinating to watch. 
3444  Lesson #19 of my Winter of Classics.Alright, like with the previous film it's hard for me to say a lot about a movie that's already been discussed and praised to death. There's a lot of good here, obviously. I will admit that I found much of the movie to be far less engaging and compelling than the first though, and through much of the middle I thought I might wind up rating it lower than this. But the final…  
3445  I didn't really know what to expect from this, but I have heard some people find it better than the first. I'm not sure my stance yet, but it does feel a lot more ambitious than the original film. I really enjoyed this as a deep-dive into Michael's character as we watch him venture down a darker and darker path. I wasn't the biggest fan of the dual timeline because I feel like we were only given a tiny glimpse…  
3446 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."Obviously, I loved this movie. It is no doubt one of the greatest movies ever made. I love the prequel-sequel structure. On a technical level, this is a masterpiece. Amazing performances by Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, John Cazale, and really everyone. This contains some of the best framing and blocking in a movie. Like the first one, the score, writing, and cinematography are great.The story is definitely complicated. 200+ minutes…   
3447 "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."MY GOD! As great as the original is, the sequel is just as good, maybe better. The cinematography, set design and score is superb. Al Pacino is amazing. But what elevated this was Robert De Niro playing a young Vito Corleone. His backstory was exactly what I wanted after the first one. Seeing Pacino and De Niro in the same film this early in their careers is really special. MASTERPIECE."If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill anyone."Featured in my BLACK BLACK BLACK posters 
3448 a movie about the mafia in 1950s america can be so personal 
3449 main takeaway from this one is that being in the mafia is awesome 
3450  Francis Ford Coppola’s multi-Oscar-winning drama sequel recounts the early life of Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro) and Michael’s (Al Pacino) rise to power. Also starring Diane Keaton, Michael V. Gazzo, Lee Strasberg and Talia Shire. The Godfather: Part II is the sequel to the critically-acclaimed sequel The Godfather, which won three Academy Awards, including the top prize. Now, the success of that led to the second instalment of the Godfather trilogy. The final product is exactly like the first –…  
3451  "I didn't ask who gave the order because it had nothing to do with business!"The Godfather Part II is that rare sequel that manages to arguably match, if not surpass its predecessor, in its epic grandeur as it assuredly unravels a thoroughly profound character study whose symbolic beauty is consistently matched by the terrific performances and core narrative. P.S.: Its hard to believe that Al Pacino DID NOT win an Oscar for this role. P.S.S.: I felt THAT slap…  
3452 This may be the greatest gangster movie of all time, but for me, that means it's just a great movie. If this isn't a perfect movie for me, I don't think I'll ever find the perfect gangster movie. I really want this to be one of my favourite movies, but it just can't be... I'm sorry please don't be offended lol 
3453 SURPRISE APPEARANCE BY HARRY DEAN STANTON 😍😍😍 
3454 A man with power losing it all due to the betrayal of his family and people trying to dethrone him while a man on how he became well respected and on top. A follow up that probably wouldn’t work but in the end, it did. I’m kinda nervous what Part 3 has to offer....PS: Watch Godfather Part 1 yesterday just so you know. 
3455 Masterpiece: Part IICoppola makes a brilliant sequel and prequel in one film! Everything is masterful. The directing, writing, acting, music, and cinematography are simply spectacular. 
3456 Quickie Review A sequel that both outdoes and is on the same epic level of the original, Part II follows 2 corresponding journeys: the early years of Don Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro, in an breakout Oscar winning performance) and the later rise and eventual soul corruption of his son Michael (Al Pacino). Everything about this movie is so good, the story, the music, the acting, all of it. Again, I ask you: why are you reading this when you could watching one of the greatest movie sequels of all time? Get to it and make it a double feature with part 1. 
3457 easiest 5 stars i've ever given, love every single thing about this to bits 
3458 Like its predecessor there's one word and one word only to summarize this movie:Masterpiece.Any other word won't do justice to this movie.Added to: My 5 Stars List 
3459  Introduced these 2 to my dad for the first time ever, and upon rewatch I can confidently say this is arguably the greatest film of all time. My top 2 would probably be The Godfather parts 1&2, but I’m gonna go back and forth forever. There’s just something special about these, something that holds them above the rest.The Godfather Part II is the standard on how to make an all time great sequel. It expanded on the original film,…  
3460 “I know it was you Fredo. You broke my heart.”One of the best examples of a sequel better than the original. What it may lack Marlon Brando it makes up for it with Robert De Niro and cinematography even better than that of the original.And I couldn’t finish this review without mentioning the great John Cazale. His career was unfortunately cut short but he left behind an array of outstanding performances. Rest in peace legend. 
3461 I enjoyed this much better on my second viewing. One of the finest sequels out there. I still like The Godfather Part I a little more, but this was still an excellent sequel that’s growing on me. Maybe by my next rewatch, I might consider it even better than the original. 
3462  102 / 388Here we have Kevin Garvey's favorite movie.🇮🇹🇺🇸🇨🇺🚢🗽Before I would watch "The Godfather Part II" or even its predecessor for the first time on the AMC channel years ago, I loved the taste of it that I got years prior while seeing on YouTube the New York tribute video that aired during the Oscars just a few months after 9/11 (here it is, but don't watch it if you haven't seen "The Apartment"). The poignant…  
3463 Funny how this truly feels like a Part 2; less of a traditional sequel and more unconventionally another chapter in the Corleone Saga, with no real opening and closing, much like life itself.Gordon Willis’s cinematography pushes the edge of darkness in the most beautiful ways. While I prefer the first film the most, this is just classic, beautiful craft and possibly Coppola at his peak…which makes me need to revisit APOCALYPSE NOW as soon as possible to reevaluate. 
3464   Letterboxd Community Film-Gala18.03. - 20.03.2022Damit eröffne ich unsere erste Community Film-Gala und das mit einem echten Brocken. Mit einem 3 ½-stündigen Brocken und einem Film über den eigentlich nicht mehr viel gesagt werden muss.Ich lasse mal die Auszeichnungen, Zahlen und Fakten für sich sprechen:• 11 Oscar-Nominierungen und 6 Auszeichnungen, darunter Bester Film, Beste Regie und Robert De Niro als Bester Nebendarsteller• Platz 5 der Letterboxd Top 250 mit einer Durchschnitts-Wertung von 4,5• Platz 6…  
3465  "What a nice pear!"47th anniversary. As far back as I can remember, my first instance of crying in a Hollywood film by stopping and replaying the same scene again n again just to be in awe of realising how that much can be said in the unsaid in Cinema! One of my all-time favourite comfort scenes or scenes in general and easily my most-watched of them all! Its context, class, grace, understanding and love are tough to put to…  
3466 Fredo Corleone and Connor Roy are the same person 
3467 i would be ok knowing i was going to die if i had kissed 70s al pacino in my lifetime already 
3468 took a break from feminism and rewatched this a day after my first viewing to enjoy young al pacino and robert de niro again.. Look away 
3469 When Al Pacino said you broke my heart Fredo, we know his heart is genuinely broken and that's what good writing and acting are. 
3470 tired: elizabeth debicki is 6’3”wired: al pacino is 5’7” 
3471 i think the sequel was so much more ambitious and complex which eventually resulted in my attention span running out and taking three days to even finish the movie. this does not change the fact that it was crafted and shot extemely well. it just had no business being 200 minutes long bruh. especially since there was no kitty on new don corleone’s lap. 
3472 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  okay but when kay was like I aborted the baby I didn’t have a miscarriage my face was like 😮in other news, young al pacino please hit me up  
3473 Damn Michael 
3474  Let me preface this review by saying that I consider The Godfather to be the best film ever made, and after finally watching The Godfather II my opinion still stands. However, I completely understand why this sequel is considered by many to be the superior film.Al Pacino is unbelievably good in this, and it says so much about his skill as an actor that he manages to carry the film for its whole three and a half hour run.…  
3475 Masterclass 
3476  ☆”Anthony, I have to do business.”“I could help you.”“Someday, you will.”☆After having a lot of fun watching and posting a silly review of one of the greatest narrative films of all time last night in The Godfather -- I will still contend that the greatest film bar-none is Shoah, sorry to all you weirdos who don't/can't watch documentaries -- I'll be a little more serious in my review of the equally acclaimed Part II, the rare sequel…  
3477 You can never lose your family.Times are changing.The story of America told through one bloodline. A power bid is pitched as a means of protection and freedom. Things "worked" for a time. But as families grow, attitudes shift, technologies and business evolve, the need for capital trumps all. That "protection" was just greed. That "freedom?" A new prison. Brotherhood matters not when trying to keep afloat and ahead of the storm. The inevitability of capitalism is the complete commodification of bodies, minds, and souls. One look at history will tell you that every empire has an expiration date. 
3478  DVD Watchlist / WATCHLIST Movies I'm Embarrassed I've Never SeenIMDb Top 100 / Best Picture 70sFrancis Ford CoppolaWhile The Godfather has the plaudits as the original (see my review), Part II is equally loved and praised, and is, understandably, also up there in similar quality alongside it’s predecessor. It's baggy, and at times unnecessary, but yet is also an example of one of the finest sequels of all time and a phenomenal piece of film-making regardless of its few flaws. The Godfather:…  
3479 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I was really close to giving this a 9/10 but it kind of dragged in parts and the stuff with Vito life while I understood why they put it in there it still wasn't nearly as interesting as the main storyline. I kind of hated Fredo in the first one but in this one the ending made me really sad. I really wish he didn't kill him. While Fredo was flawed I really don't think he wanted his brother killed. So yeah I finally watched this classic and while great I still think the first is much better.  
3480  A serious heartbreaker, especially since I've always contended this was superior to the first.[AFI column originally published on Cinema Etc.]The Godfather Part II‘s enduring legacy as the greatest sequel of all time deserves to be challenged. The easiest way of doing so is to revisit it in quick succession with The Godfather. The narrative is even more dense, adding in a parallel plot line that shows Vito Corleone’s rise to power in New York at the turn of…  
3481  After watching this, my rating for part 1 goes up to a five. Now I've seen both, the story feels a lot more complete and I love the first a lot more. I definitely feel like they make more sense together. I do slightly prefer part 2. I loved the introduction of Vito Corleone and the way they switch beween the two time periods. Robert De Niro was perfect to play a younger version of Vito. He captures his voice…  
3482 Possibly better, definitely more mature than the first. Far quieter and slower, but that gives things a greater weight. The muted colouring in the visuals give it a gorgeous dark feel. Al Pacino is amazing. Robert DeNiro too. My favourite parts were the flashbacks of Vito Corleone - the opening with the death of his mother and brother is one of the best openings I've ever seen. 
3483  That Francis Ford Coppola ever got to make a sequel to The Godfather is a miracle in its own right; The Godfather: Part II turning out even better than the original is a miracle of otherwordly proportions. Considering how much of a struggle Coppola went through on the first—with studio interference, executives having little faith in his vision, old geezers not trusting a newcomer—problems on top of problems. But the New Hollywood visionary accepted the challenge at every turn. Coppola's…  
3484 “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!” 
3485 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Watched it with my brother I'm the oldest.... Fuck.  
3486  To call it a sequel is a travesty.This movie is way to be good to be labelled a sequel to The Godfather . Rather it is more of a companion piece to the original and the two perfectly compliment each other . It is both a sequel and prequel showing the rise of the young vito and moral decline of Micheal . Both characters are brought to life with uncanny ability by Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino . To…  
3487 After the dude filming it last time, I sat in the middle instead of the back in hopes of not seeing someone's phone screen.To anyone who uses their phone in the cinema, it's not the noise, it's the light, the light in a dark room that is distracting. Both Al and Bobby were deliciously handsome in this, almost so much that I couldn't concentrate. 
3488  ANOTHER OFFER YOU CAN’T REFUSE It’s one thing for a sequel to be as good, if not better than the original film. We’ve seen this happen numerous times. With magical pieces like The Dark Knight and Spider-Man 2. But it’s a whole other thing to nearly match one of the greatest and the single most acclaimed film of all time. That’s exactly what The Godfather Part 2 does. A journey through morality, following an innocent man’s arc into a ruthless…  
3489 So yeah Michael Corleone might just be the most bizarre, complicated, fascinating and best character in film ever and I can't believe Al Pacino didn't win an Oscar for this 
3490 Ich dachte der erste Teil könnte nicht übertroffen werden.Ich lag falsch.Dieser Film ist einer der besten Filme aller Zeiten. Er schafft es eine würdige, wenn nicht bessere Fortsetzung für den ersten Ableger der Trilogie zu sein, und liefert gleichzeitig eine verdammt starke Vorgeschichte mit Robert De Niro als Vito Corleone.Ich habe nichts an diesem Film zu bemängeln, nichts! Von vorne bis hinten ist hier alles brilliant durchdacht, gefilmt und inszeniert. Ein Meisterwerk. 
3491  I know this film is far from underrated. Its overwhelming praise is deserving. However after viewing it again, not only do I think it is comfortably the greatest sequel ever made, but it is also superior to the original film.While the first film deals with Michael's ascent to power, GF2 shows us Michael's descent into pure evil with the loss of his soul. Pacino has a few shouty lines in this film, but most of his terrifying moments come…  
3492 One of the best sequels to date. I can't decide if i prefer this or the first one. I think the first one slightly more. Anyway, we are talking about two masterpieces. 
3493 Für viele toppt Teil zwei der epochalen Reihe seinen Vorgänger; dem schließ ich mich auch endlich an. 
3494 michael corleone i fucking hate you so much come here so i can give you a hug and tell you everything is gonna be fine 
3495 Gadfather 2Also for the first time, I realized that this one is even better than the original. If you watch them back to back it's completely seamless. It's like the first movie kept going and got even better in the second half. 
3496  The intermission here reminded me of how for all the Avengers fans, Endgame better have one too, considering its alleged runtime is not much shorter than this film.I have watched all three Godfather movies before, on multiple occasions. I am keeping up the original review for this film as I am fine with it; the reason for me talking about this again is that last night I was able to view it theatrically, via Flashback Cinema. That is a…  
3497 Al Pacino is sculpted in marble 
3498  Il Padrino Parte II allarga quel che nel primo capitolo della saga veniva dato per già avvenuto e - insieme - completa il disegno dell'inserimento della famiglia Corleone nel tessuto della società americana contemporanea. Francis Ford Coppola articola questa seconda "puntata" su due piani paralleli ed intersecati che sembrano quasi rincorrersi fra passato e presente. Da un lato, descrive come il padrino sia diventato tale, a cominciare da quando giovanissimo fugge dalla Sicilia alla volta di New York. Dall'altro, si…  
3499 dinner would be on the table, id stay out his business, as many kids as he wants (and i promise i won’t flush them out), anything he wants 
3500 The original is pretty damn great but this is even better. Al Pacino was fucking perfect, his best performance in the trilogy and probably the best in his career, made his character feel like the most ruthless and unforgiving mafia boss. The story that contrasts the rise of Vito Corleone and the downfall of Michael Corleone is really interesting to watch and it's so tragic especially by the end. And this was so captivating I didn't even feel those 202 minutes at all. 
3501 Wow. In The Godfather Part II, the Corleones organize the murder of a prostitute to win the cooperation of a US senator. And yet, we are supposed to treat Michael Corleone as the hero of this movie? Amazing. And this is a “masterpiece” of cinema. 
3502 Name a better sequel... I'll wait.... 
3503  Whereas The Godfather, a masterpiece in its own right, has been diminished slightly for me the further I have dug beyond the surface layers of the cinematic canon, hampered somewhat by feeling like a greatest hits package over a 10 year timespan, The Godfather Part II on the other hand is that rare film that just gets better every time you revisit it. When I was 15, and even up until I turned 20, The Godfather was the best film…  
3504 fredo is so connor roy coded 
3505 Seeing The Godfather: Part II in theatres for its 50th anniversary... one of the best theatre experiences of my life. Still have to say that I like the first one a bit better but this is almost as great of a film, as well as being possibly one of the grandest and most tragic epics in cinematic history.Best Picture Winners Ranked 
3506 Watching fer, like, the thousandth time whilst setting up at work. Michael slowly coming to the realization that it was Fredo who betrayed him, ironically, speaks volumes — even with the sound off. (Same goes fer the abortion scene.)Like, I was like this the whole time: 🫢Passes my watching with the sound off whilst I work — and it’s still great test. 
3507 as long as it has al pacino and robert de niro in it, i can watch it for hours on end without getting bored 
3508 68%I was shocked I loved the first one so I thought I would love this one to the same amount but I was wrong 😑 sadly.It’s an objectively good film but it didn’t keep my attention like the first one did.BEST PICTURE WINNER 1975BEST PICTURE WINNERS RANKED  
3509 The scenes with young Vito elevate this film to the original's level. What an amazing movie.If anything, the only "flaw" I have with it is that I wish we got to see more De Niro in this, but that's just because everything they did with him was so perfect. 
3510 Pure brilliance in character development, in writing and in continuing the most impactful crime sage of all time. 
3511 Fredo, baw, ya done fucked up 
3512  Trilogia: "Poderoso Chefão" (02/03)PT:"Uma coisa que aprendi foi tentar pensar como as pessoas pensam. Deste modo, tudo é possível.""Agora, você é o único em quem posso confiar."A ascenção e queda de Michael Corleone.Um dos filmes mais longos que assisti (tanto que nem sabia que havia "intermission" no meio a não ser por um comentário) mas ao mesmo tempo um filme tão bom, que talvez precise de um bom tempo para pensar nas palavras.Somos apresentados…  
3513  I paired "The Godfather Part 2" with Coppola's Merlot. The Merlot is all right, it has a bitter aftertaste that's a bit much for a wine novice like myself. I much prefer Coppola's Claret, which I drank while watching the first "Godfather". But I generally gravitate toward white wines rather than red, so the bitter aftertaste of the merlot might be a common side effect of red wines that I'm just not used to at this point. I still polished…  
3514 I feel like you're almost supposed to give this 5 stars lol the directing is immaculate but the original Godfather has more scenes that stand out to me and ends perfectly. Makes me want to go back to the 1st rather than move onto the 3rd. 94/100 
3515  It's impossible not to miss Brando's presence although we are compensated by the terrific Pacino-De Niro duo in full glory with a story oscillating between Michael's prime years and Vito's formative years. We are treated with the origin story of I'm gonna make him an offer he can't refuse. Not as gripping as its predecessor mainly because of inconsistencies in the narration. At one point Michael is dealing with the other dons in Cuba amidst an internal revolution and the…  
3516 everyone stop being mean to michael corleone i’m serious 
3517 Whatever feelings has been left for Michael from me, just left after watching the ending. I thought I will be last person to remain with Michael but........... You broke my heart. You broke my heart! 
3518  “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. YOU BROKE MY HEART.”- Al Pacino’s delivery of this line is cinema.The Godfather II is both a sequel and a prequel, and matches The Godfather I as an effective mob classic. What makes this movie shine brighter are the chances for characters to reveal more of themselves. Connie's journey, Kay's big revelation in the hotel and Fredo's choices all have impacts on the Corleone crime family, and the cast…  
3519 al pacino made every single viewer feel exactly what michael was feeling through just his eyes. did you sleep through his parts @theacademy ????? 
3520  I never thought Abe Vigoda holding a cake would make me so emotional. Part II eases ice cold pulp visual muscle to deliver a more novelistic deep dive into character. Instead of a highbrow potboiler about a good son's descent into (sometimes literal) darkness, we're left with a sprawling tragedy of an American family. I think I prefer Part I for its grotesque mood and arthouse remove, but I love Part II for its depth of human feeling and sprawling…  
3521  A solid gold telephone.With one prop, Coppola shows his entire hand, lays all the cards out on the table, and lets you know that the next 2 hours aren't going to be happy. The Godfather Part II is a descent into greed, a movie that starts with a party and a family gathering and ends so far removed from that setting it might as well take place on the moon. The first movie showed the misery of crime and…  
3522 The rare prequel and sequel that manages to somehow top what came before it, Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather: Part II takes everything that was already fantastic about the first film and elevates them tenfold to create what is not only one of the best follow-ups of all time but one of the greatest films ever made in general, a film that's equal parts astoundingly epic and beautifully intimate. 
3523  Eine gelungene Fortsetzung und ein weiterer Meilenstein der Filmgeschichte.Al Pacino glänzt in seiner Rolle als der "neue" Don. Erzählt wird die Geschichte des geschäftlichen Auf- und familiären Abstiegs des von Pacino verkörperten Michael Corleone. Er eliminiert alle seine Feinde auch innerhalb der Familie und ist am Ende allein.In regelmäßigen Rückblenden erfährt man die Geschichte des einstigen Dons Vito Corleone, Michaels Vater. Der junge Vito wird gespielt von keinem geringeren als Robert deNiro. Eine perfekte Besetzung und der Beginn…  
3524 the parallels between vito corleone and michael corleone,,,, that was very sexy of mr. coppola 
3525 Windows are Coppola's visual meter, used to define narrative freedoms. 
3526  10/10I had seen this when I was somewhat young. Maybe too young to fully appreciate this film. Also maybe too young to fully understand the film. However, I knew I liked some of it. So admittedly so, when first starting my letterboxd, and began to binge rate all the past films I've seen. When it came to this one, I just gave it five stars.Because...I don't know. It felt right.Finally though, I decided to rewatch this now…  
3527 another one 🔑 flawless 
3528 The difference in Michael from the first movie to this one is crazy it feels like two completely different people. It was really cool to see De Niro play a young Vito Corleone. This for me is better than the first Godfather movie it was so good. 
3529  "I know it was you Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!"Wow. I think I actually prefer Part II to the first, not quite enough to give it 5 stars, but that may change in the future when I've had more time to think about it. Much like The Godfather, The Godfather Part II is brilliant on a technical level. It baffles me how Al Pacino didn't get an oscar for his absolutely mesmerising performance, as he…  
3530  Better than the first. I know that compared to many other people, this isn't as great of a compliment, seeing as, although I really love it, I don't hold The Godfather to as high of a place as most, but I genuinely believe The Godfather: Part II to be a more accomplished and thoughtful film than its legendary predecessor. Thrilling, absorbing, and absolutely tragic, it isn't at all hard to see why this and Part I are considered one of,…  
3531 young al pacino AND young robert de niro in the same movie who else just died 
3532  JB's review: 7/10"Long but kept me interested." Coppola goes even bigger, two storylines in differents eras and different countries. The sheer scale and elaborate recreation of Little Italy alone is a marvel. It's just insane that De Niro went from Mean Streets to this level of acting. Al Pacino gives yet another career-defining performance, everyone does really. The kitchen scene near the end drives home so well how much has changed over time. Coppola has no problem balancing larger-than-life…  
3533  Never thought I would say this is one of the most heartbreaking films ever. The balance and contrast between the two timelines make up for the perfect complement of two generations, which view and live life in a completely opposite way. The backstory of Vito's origins provides a sense of wisdom that seems completely shattered by Michael's stubborn loyalty to an empty cause. The boat scene still makes my stomach hurt as fuck, it has me dying everytime.Kinda sad…  
3534 Robert De Niro’s second best mafia performance behind Don Lino from Shark Tale. 
3535 Hier soir, j'me suis dit qu'il était p't-être temps que je regarde un (estie de) bon film. 
3536  Ambitious, deeply complex and more impressive in its scope. Where the first film felt confined, almost claustrophobic like the walls of the Corleone house, Part II opens up its world to you; Michael’s in striking technicolor, Vito’s in all its warmth and subdued tones. It feels so easy to get lost within these places as you fall in and out of their existence, threaded together to form the complete picture of a decades-old dynasty. The two stories are intrinsically linked,…  
3537  ¤"I guarantee he'll accept what I give him."¤Special 50th anniversary screening!When The Godfather had its special re-release in 2022, there was a huge rollout with Dolby shows and hundreds of theatres. Here in 2024, unless there's something else planned later this year, it seems like Part II comes with much less fanfare. A shame! It's of course just as good, and I hope others get a chance to see it on the big screen again, or for the…  
3538  Killers of the Flower Moon, May December, Children of Men, There Will Be Blood, Past Lives, The Empire Strikes Back, Banshees of Inisherin, The Worst Person in the World, Everything Everywhere All at Once, It’s a Wonderful Life, Black Swan, The Handmaiden, First Reformed, Nine Days, About Time, Shrek, Life is Beautiful, How to Train Your Dragon, The Battle of Algiers, Portrait of a Lady on Fire, Silence, Whiplash, 12 Angry Men, Good Will Hunting, The Prestige, Toy Story 3,…  
3539 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “I don’t feel I have to wipe everybody out Tom, just my enemies.” -Michael Corleone⚠️MAJOR SPOILERS⚠️Never in my 14 years of life have I seen a better movie than this. Everything about this movie is perfect from the direction to the performances, to even small little details.The direction by Francis Ford Coppola was truly outstanding. The performances by Al Pacino, Robert DeNiro, Diane Keaton, John Cazale, Talia Shire, and Robert Duvall, not to mention everyone else involved…   
3540 I'm starting to think that people just pretend to like these movies so others don't judge them for disliking it because I really can't see why they get so much hype; I was so uninterested in everything that was happening, I fell asleep 40 minutes before the end 
3541 what makes the sequel important & special to the original is the complex and multilayered narrative structure. (which i love a lot.) the film tells two parallel stories, one continues the storyline of michael, now the head of the corleone crime family, while the other dives into the origins and rise to power of his father, vito corleone. both stories are intertwined, giving us a deeper understanding of the characters' motivations and displays the corleone family's evolution as individuals as well as a whole in the crime world.i loved it a lot. my eyes were glued to every frame of it. 
3542 A colossal work of art. There isn't anything like it and likely will never be anything like it. Coppola and Co. mastered the cinematic form.This film does a better job of representing my identity than some tokenistic bullshit like Ms. Marvel. 
3543  Following up The Godfather is a daunting challenge, how do you create a sequel for a movie that is so perfect in every aspect? Well Francis Ford Coppola was able to follow up one of the greatest films ever with an amazing sequel. Sure, I’m not as big on Part 2 as a lot of people are, but it’s still a great movie. The performances are absolutely phenomenal here, Al Pacino genuinely puts on one of the best performances I’ve ever seen…  
3544  “I’m your older brother Michael, and I was stepped over!!!”1: IntroductionI am…speechless. This is quite possibly one of if not the greatest movie ever made. It takes everything you loved from the Godfather and makes it better. The acting, the cinematography, the score and the dialogue are all utter perfection. 2: Performances While Part II has the unfortunate omission of Marlon Brando he is replaced by Robert De Niro who plays Young Vito. De Niro’s performance in this…  
3545 not really related but today I was so hyped to watch Magnolia until i came home and found out it was removed from stan so i just decided to watch this instead, and I'm glad I did.I loved this more than the first film tbh even though they are both amazing. I loved the look in the past and present of the Corleone family, the writing was truly fantastic. Robert De Niro🛐 
3546 secondo me anche più bello del primo 
3547 Imagine deciding to have only half the movie revolve around Robert De Niro. Don Homer, my king.More soon on a very special 70mm podcast. 
3548  What brilliant film to see at the cinema and it was stunning. This film is art for me the performances are brilliant but Al Pacino is different gravy he has a once in a Lifetime performance. De Niro Is brilliant as good as usual just wish we got more of him.The story is interesting seeing how the family came to be to the end of the family and only one left.The music is outstanding in this film and…  
3549 A bit weaker than part 1 IMOBut Michael Corleone is still a goat and learning about his fathers rise to power is amazing bc they both mirror each other.Yet again this feels like an epic anime arc it also feels very Shakespeare like The moments in this film are amazing the performances are as good as the first one 
3550 I've said it before and I'll say it again, The Godfather Part II is way better than its predecessor. Still, it's no Goodfellas. 
3551 sometimes sequels do matter ❤️overall, i still don’t know if al pacino is hot but him speaking italian does something for me. mad bc i kept being like “oh i should rewatch godfather 1 & 2” but i don’t have SIX HOURS to spare. 
3552 “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”HOLY FUCKING SHIT I’M LOSING MY MIND THIS WAS INCREDIBLE 
3553  To say that Part II wasn't nearly as good as Part I would be both true and entirely unfair. The Godfather is in my top 10 of all time; It's sequel now in my top 25.So, yeah, somehow Coppola constructed six full hours of flawless filmmaking with I and II combined. That's incredible, to be able to develop characters, places, and the plot over that massive run time and keep it interesting, relevant, and fresh. Most people I guess…  
3554 Hello new favorite movie. 
3555 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Picking whether I like parts 1 or 2 more in "The Godfather" series I found a bit tricky. For starters, the original installment is not only considered by many to be one of the greatest films ever made,(A statement i completely agree with by the way.) but it was also highly influential in American cinema. It spawned the sub genre of gangster flicks such as "Scarface", "The Departed", and my personal favorite mob movie, "Goodfellas". Plus, with the first film,…   
3556 The flashback scenes give a stronger narrative but personally I’m more of a goodfella 🤷‍♂️ 
3557  tw // abortionThe abortion scene seems to be largely misconstrued in honor of the 'dude bro, misogynist film' narrative. In reality, Kay's decision and the revelation is rather meaningful. I certainly understand the concern over how limited her portrayal is, particularly as she is the heart of Michael's conflict in the first film. Regardless, I still find her choice to abort his son to be an incredible revelation of theme. During a heated fight regarding their marriage and family,…  
3558 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   🔥 AMBITIOUS | PERFECTION 🔥3rd Watch | Top 100 | Mafia Ranked The Godfather set up a bar that was impossible to reach, but somehow The Godfather: Part II exceeded that bar and went beyond what I thought was possible. The result has been the fierce debate on whether The Godfather: Part II is actually more superior than its iconic predecessor. Although from a subjective standpoint, I can clearly understand why some would prefer The Godfather due to its…   
3559  Picture me dramatically posing with my hand to my head like Michael Corleone in the boathouse, except it's just when I get a kinda annoying work email. —It's safe to say I came of age during the dawn of modern internet film criticism. I rolled in a pack of movie nerds, each of us veritable auteurs with a Sony handycam, each of us with tantalizingly shatterable dreams of fame and fortune. We would spend half of computer class trawling…  
3560  If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.Fuck me man. Cinema just does not get better than this. Coppola’s modern day shakespearean tragedy in cinematic form; the concept of betrayal, a capitalist critique, regarding the disillusionment of power and wealth, and a critique of good vs evil- through the contrast of the rise of Vito Corleone, and the corruption of Michael all intertwine into one to make…  
3561 hhhhgghrfghhgghtthhhrrgghh 
3562  I have discovered my ideal Godfather movie would be "The Godfather 1.5". Here is my pitch:Sonny goes to visit Fredo in Vegas where Fredo is hiding out after the shooting of Vito. There, the two brothers bond like never before, learning from each other along the way. Sonny learns to be more passive and to think before he acts (especially before he acts violently) and Fredo learns to be more confident in himself, and to stop taking out his…  
3563 It’s hard to watch movies that come with several decades of accolades. Before I get into it, I need to say that I didn’t have a great viewing, and I’ll need a second shot to respect this movie the way it deserves.That dinner table scene at the end felt like it’s own film.De Niro o w n e d those flashback sequences in a way that paid all due respect to Brando.Al Pacino should be a megalomaniac in every single role.Did Fredo really not think he was gonna get offed?Diane Keaton getting slapped hurts through the TV. 
3564 i can fix him 
3565 1974 RankedPhysically Owned FilmsMasterful handling of two parallel narratives, an absolute perfect balance of pace and tone. Also incredibly entertaining watching these two stories unfold, overlap, and influence each other. Obvious masterpiece that looks beautiful in 4K. 
3566 Before watching this movie, all I knew about it was the Lake Tahoe estate they filmed at. My mother would always point it out every time we would visit Lake Tahoe. Now seeing the first film and its sequel, I'm understanding just how amazing this trilogy really is. I like the parallel story of seeing how this crime family began with Vito's origins coming to America and Michael's current handling of the business. It's one of the best sequels I've ever seen. 
3567 First one's better.4K looks great. 
3568  Realmente como uma telenovela: o primeiro episódio estabelece todos os blocos narrativos com as principais personagens, e nos episódios seguintes o dramaturgo começa a intercalar esses blocos, reforçando as linhas principais, forçando as congruências entre elas (Pacino/De Niro), e fazendo com que tudo convirja menos pela síntese narrativa da ação que por acumulação dramática, animada pelos cordéis do virtuosismo de uma construção que inflaciona a narrativa com a proliferação desses blocos em detrimento da lisura da ação.Isso ser visto…  
3569 The greatest performance of all time.And Pacino does it with his eyes.Subtle acting is underrated. 
3570 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "I know it was you Fredo. You broke my heart."My rewatch of The Godfather trilogy continues with Part Two. I remember really enjoying it when I watched it before but preferred the original so am interested in seeing if that's still the case. Part Two tells two stories. The first being Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) as he deals with multiple forces that are attacking his family and his business. The second follows a young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro)…   
3571  You’re probably thinking: How did it take me so damn long to watch this film. And my answer: I have no idea, I really don’t. This is a masterpiece that I regret putting off for so long. Two stories, two characters, two time periods. So similar yet so incredibly different. One, an Itialian immigrant’s rise to power in New York city. The other, the heir of the Corleone crime empire who attempts to succede his father’s legacy. Seeing Vito’s backstory…  
3572 oh mikey you’re so fine, you’re so fine you blow my mind <3 
3573  Watched on Blu-Ray Even before the first part was released, Mario Puzo began working on the screenplay for its sequel, which was to contain the very parts that did not make it into the first film, especially the story of the young Vito Corleone. After the success of "The Godfather", the producers were more than willing to allow Francis Ford Coppola a little more freedom in adapting Puzo's script, so that the scenes in New York around the 1910s were…  
3574 michael isn’t “film’s greatest villain,” he was reacting to childhood trauma the best way he knew how 
3575 I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!I can’t think of any better way to start off the new year. 
3576 What do Godfather Fans call themselves? Godfatherheads? Godheads? Corleoness?Whatever, I am THAT 
3577  After my rewatch of The Godfather reminded me how incredible that film is I was excited to revisit the second part. I’ve always felt like Part II was a step down, but this time around had a feeling like maybe my mind would be swayed and I could see them on par with each other. Alas, I came away more sure than ever of the disparity between the two. I don’t think Part II is bad by any means, but…  
3578 3 horas con 22 minutos, creo que no volveré a ver otra pelicula con este tiempo de duración.No me pareció tan sublime como la primera parte, pero me gusto mucho. Cuando llevaba las 2 horas y media, se me hizo pesada. Robert De Niro una excelencia, igualmente Al Pacino. 
3579 Part II of finally watching The Godfather at 22 years old.Love how Coppola plays on the same plot beats from the last one, albeit with different characters, different ideologies and different motives driving them - the mirrored image of father and son, one self-made in the desire to protect the little people as he becomes a messiah for them, the other driven by power and strolling down the dark path.Both of De Niro's assassination sequences in this - perfection. 
3580  "I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart."michael corleone has a quiet intensity bubbling just below the surface. while we witnessed his ascent in part I, we witness his collapse in part II. what's even sadder is we watch his father rise in conjunction with his son's moral decay. the business saturates into the personal until they're one and the same. critics differ in their assessment of his character type, is he a villain or a tragic…  
3581  Day 47 of COVID 19Godfather 2 deserves all the praise it has gained as one of the all-time greatest sequels. It does not feel like the senseless cash grabs of today, but rather an intelligent and expansive companion piece with the first, which is arguably one of the greatest pieces of cinema ever made. I find the fact that 1 and 2 flow seamlessly together and that its hard to distinguish what happens in which ultimately a compliment to…  
3582 This is the first time I've ever seen a literal intermission in a movie lol.I gotta say that I liked the first one more but this is nonetheless a classic. Al Pacino is the fucking man. 
3583 Technical GENIUS, sexiest lighting I’ve ever seen. What a powerful ending too. I love Al Pacino in this, suppressing all that frustration and anger and confusion into cold stares. The whole cast is great, they all thrive in the slow burn pacing. 
3584 Si bien me gustó más la primera, esta segunda entrega es también una obra maestra y termina de posicionar a Coppola como el king del cine de los 70. Una segunda parte contada en 2 líneas temporales diferentes pero unidas por los paralelismos entre los 2 protagonistas, Vito y Michael Corleone. La obsesión y el legado de Vito de mantener la familia será el ancla en las aspiraciones de Michael que verá que el mundo de la mafia es mucho más difícil de lo que pensaba. 
3585 Absolutely massive and outstanding sequel to the first. Might be the best sequel ever filmed. I prefer it to the first one purely because of how ambitious it is, going in between the Vito and Michael storylines. The acting is fucking awesome across the board, the pacing was great and it never lost the heart and sense of family that the first one had. Now for part three... 
3586 First time seeing this film and I got to see it in theaters which was awesome. I liked it a lot, but not as much as the first one. I think a lot of aspects match or surpass the first one, but overall I enjoyed the first one more. For sure one of the best sequels in history tho. 
3587 fredo 
3588 Maybe if this wasn't so canonized in American pop culture as one of the greatest movies of all time, I would have enjoyed it more but alas. I don't understand the hype for this trilogy.Anyways, it's a thousand times funnier knowing Michael's attempts to legitimize the family takes place during the beginning of the Cuban revolution. 
3589  Film 30/30 of Scavenger Hunt 12!Task 22 of 30 " 22. A film that is over 200 minutes long" (Technically only just counts at 200mins)(This review would have gone up on the 1st, but Letterboxd connection problems means it goes up on the 2nd)  The Godfather Part II just so happens to be arguably one of the biggest films that I've up until now not yet seen so it was great to finally tick this film off my…  
3590  Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather: Part II is darker, bigger and more ambitious in every manner than its groundbreaking predecessor. Yet, whether or not it is truly superior to its predecessor is perhaps, cinema's greatest debate. A near perfect sequel in every regard and almost as strong as The Godfather in every department of filmmaking, The Godfather: Part II certainly brings Puzo's universe into complete expansion and in the most masterful and natural way possible.The Godfather: Part II follows two entirely parallel storylines. One follows Vito Corleone…  
3591  Part of the TSPDT 50% ChallengeThe Godfather: Part II fulfills Michael's descent into the deep depths of darkness - before he's burnt in lava, dons a black mechanical suit and subsequently crushes all rebellions in the galaxy. His estranged son Anthony becomes the leader of a revolutionary force against his father's empire, and defeats him by blowing up his casino space station. Sounds silly and all, but Michael might as well become Darth Vader. However, this lunge into the…  
3592  **Part of the Best Picture Project**There's a lot of conflict over competitively comparing both The Godfather and The Godfather Part II that I simply don't understand. To me, the strength of Part II is that it compliments the first film, like any great sequel should, and it is after all likely the greatest sequel ever made.Here we have Coppola going even more ambitious than his original film, losing his Corman roots, including a bigger timeline, and higher economic…  
3593 I guess I must had belonged to some kind of mafia in another life (if yes, oh that is no good...) but man, I absolutely love mob films!About this film I'll be very direct and simple. It's brilliant as it's predecessor. 
3594  The Godfather II is a gut-punching, three-hour epic that not only tells the story of Michael Corleone, but also the story of the early years of Vito, which I didn't know beforehand and also didn't expect.I have to say, Al Pacino is terrifying and terrific at the same time in this movie. Where in the first part, we witnessed his slow transition into becoming the head of the family, Part II shows the hard reality of his new life…  
3595 Equally memorable and tragically beautiful as the first. Pacino, De Niro, Cazale, and Duvall are all excellent here. The parallel stories of Vito and Michael are such a brilliant choice, the juxtaposition of a rise and a fall has never been better realized. The soundtracks and themes by Nino Rota truly add so much to these films. This struck a chord similar to Better Call Saul’s final season for me. Devastating storytelling. 
3596  You know, it's funny. Never once throughout the 3hr20 minute runtime of this (wowzers!) did I feel bored per se, but I will say I found myself noticing that this one was lacking in comparison to the first (IMHO of course).I was trying to think of why exactly I felt this way, and I may have found out? I think? Because the cast in this one is so thinned down in contrast to the first, it felt like there…  
3597  My expectations were so high for this but holy shit they delivered on every level. Absolutely brilliant, can’t express enough how unbelievably excellent this film is really, although I’m sure everyone knows that already but damn, and I’m really glad I watched it now as I feel like if I did a few years ago but I probably wouldn’t have been able to appreciate it enough.I know this has been talked about to death but this is 100% the…  
3598  Some say you could hear an audible sigh around the world of me seeing this was over 3 hours. It was midnight right after I finished the first one and knew I would never make it. It took a few days to finally knock this out but it helped me appreciate how dense it is, I ended up re-watching a lot of scenes. The first day I was really into Michael's story as I just came off Part 1. Second…  
3599  “Why do you hurt me, Michael? I've always been loyal to you..”Seeing this in a theater was an absolute godsend. I got to see the first Godfather for the first time in theaters and it only felt right to see this in theaters as well. Only hits you harder the more you watch it. Seriously some of the best, most definitive filmmaking ever. An embarrassment of riches. Al Pacino is so unbelievably good in this. The ending is one…  
3600  Heralded as one of, if not the greatest, films of all time, Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather: Part II is a film whose cultural impact I both recognize and admire, yet cannot help but state that this praise is overblown. Funny enough, much of my criticism regarding the film is very much in line with my thoughts on its preceding instalment. When I watched The Godfather last year, I stated that I “view the film as an important piece to…  
3601  An unparalleled cinematic masterpiece that transcends the very definition of storytelling through film. This legendary sequel to "The Godfather" cements its place as a timeless classic and is undeniablydeserving of a perfect 5/5 rating.Set against the backdrop of the Corleone family's mafia empire, the film weaves a complex and multi-generational narrative, skillfully intertwining the past and the present. The storytelling prowess on display here is nothing short of extraordinary.The parallel narratives, one chronicling the rise of a young Vito Corleone…  
3602 What a great combination of prequel and sequel.Can't believe it's made 50 years ago.I liked the first part slightly more. To be honest. 
3603 Pure and utter perfection. This movie is a slow-burner for sure but it’s what makes it so perfect; it felt like I was watching two films at once with both these incredible stories unfolding. It’s rare to see a sequel that builds on its predecessor so perfectly than this. You see the continuation of Michael’s legacy as the don but you also see the beginning of Vito’s. Such perfection and I’m glad to have finally got around to watching this. 
3604  "I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!"Coppola consegue, mais uma vez, personificar esse envolvimento da família Corleone diante do sistema e, ao mesmo tempo, cria um aspecto de fluxo dramático muito maior do que o primeiro filme. Entretanto, diante de uma lógica menos didática e que sensibiliza o sentimento de Vito Corleone e Michael Corleone, opta-se por uma visão gráfica mais próxima, entre a mescla dos personagens. Em algum momento do filme,…  
3605 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Mama: But you can never lose your family. Micheal: Times are changing.Although it’s predecessor was more violent in terms of showing the crimes in the act and showcasing some brutal gore, this however is much darker psychologically diving into the mind and the life of Michael Corleone after taking such a position that he truly never wanted and ironically despised. This used to be my favorite between the two masterpieces but now after a rewatch, this film simply depresses…   
3606 A perfect sequel, despite the 3 hr 20 min running time. ;) Had a great time watching this with Lou. :) 
3607 Afterthoughts: Lorna, consider yourself initiated. For the first time in almost a decade, I’ve finally revisited 2 of American cinema’s greatest masterpieces.I’ve always considered the first film my favourite, but I think I’m leaning towards Part II now. 
3608  Es increíble el paralelismo entre las historias de padre e hijo, ambos siendo influyentes en el manejo de los asuntos de la familia y de los negocios. Más de tres horas de película y aún así, no aburren. Aunque por momentos sentía que muchas escenas extienden la historia de más, creo que son necesarias para el desarrollo de los personajes, principalmente el de Michael. La avaricia, la traición y el orgullo son los elementos que lo hacen actuar y gracias…  
3609 my biggest flex in life is to be born the same day as him and i'm taller than him…but my net worth isn't the same :/ 
3610 vito benim de babam olur musun 
3611  Obviously still loved it, no doubt one of, if not the best sequels ever made – an example of a rare standalone film that doesn't hide in the shadow of its predocessor but improves on it. While the first film bled slowly through its runtime The Godfather: Part II does it justice by telling the film's story as a prequel and sequel, the story of Vito Corleone's ascent and Michael as the new Don of the Corleone family. Vito had…  
3612 Why is no one talking about this movie ?? 
3613 The moment Fredo knew he fucked up; The Kiss of Death 
3614 al pacino ate a whole fucking orange??? like just bit into it skin and all wtf????? best performance was from robert de niro’s moustache tho 
3615 I knew I had "made it" as a film buff when I was watching this one time and I realized on my own the two timelines were about the building and the destroying of the family. The perniciousness of evil and of power. One thing I realized this time was that Tom was the one who framed the politician. Had an innocent girl killed, just to get the family's hooks in this guy. I hadn't realized he was so capable of evil himself. Just an awesome movie. I love it. I hate the mafia. 
3616 It is even better than the first film, and has the greatest single final scene in Hollywood history, a real coup de cinma 
3617  ***100th Review***A lot of reviews in to this website already. I love that I've seen so many more new ones and watched some good ones over again. Thanks to each person who has read my reviews so far. This is one of the ways I love to express myself, and I appreciate you coming along with me. For the occasion, I knew it had to be something really special. Years and years have gone by without me viewing this…  
3618 the scene where mike says “you broke my heart” 🤝 the scene in revenge of the sith where obi wan screams “you were my brother, anakin. i loved you”: having the same amount of heartbreak 
3619  A truly moving film. The lingering of the camera through these situations give this atmosphere to the film that makes it feel way more interesting to stare at. The sequences between Fredo and Michael are probably the most heartbreaking of the entire series. The scene where they hug at their mother's funeral genuinely moved me and the resentment that you could tell Michael still held without a single word being said, added so much depth to the scene. Also, if…  
3620 No easy task attempting to live up to its predecessor, but it made some effort. Sensational sequel which is basically just as good as the first part, De Niro was amazing. Flawless film. 
3621 idk what we did to deserve a movie this amazing? thank you mr. coppola 🤌🏼🇮🇹 
3622 “What’s Spanish for banana daquiri?😀”“Banana daquiri.😅”“That’s it?😲”“That’s it.🥰” 
3623 The Godfather films were made to be seen in cinemas. At home clearly never did them full justice for me. They're just too meticulous and detailed and if you're attention waivers for even a moment you could miss something that changes how you see the whole picture. 
3624 So Robert De Niro grew up to be Marlon Brando and had Al Pacino as a son. 
3625 Ahhhhh I loved it so much! Slightly better than the first in just about every aspect. and it does so well with its handling of the flashback scenes, never once hurting the momentum of the parts in the 1950s. Michael Corleone may very well be my new all-time favorite character, and Al Pacino is SO damn good in the role - literally every slight twitch, every stare, every outburst is pure perfection. Oh, and that ending shot? JEEZ THIS MOVIE IS GREAT 
3626  If The Godfather was about Michael Corleone selling his soul, Part II is about him selling his family.“A man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man.”Part II’s brilliance lies in its subtle contrasting of Michael and Vito, told through two simultaneous stories functioning as a prequel and a sequel to The Godfather. While both end up committing acts of violence and bloody revenge, only one retains his humanity through it all. In the…  
3627  J'ai entendu pendant des années que « Le Parrain 2 » était l'un des plus grands films de tous les temps. Après avoir regardé le premier volet il y a deux mois, puis l'avoir revu il y a deux jours, j'ai décidé de mettre toutes les chances de mon côté pour apprécier ce film.Et quel film ! Pour moi, c'est tout simplement le meilleur de tous les temps. « Le Parrain 2 » coche toutes les cases de ce…  
3628 A masterclass in parallel storytelling, foreshadowing, and character work. Practically no movie does it better. A rare, true masterpiece. 
3629 hell yea, solid sequel 
3630 it’s only intermission but i am nicely toasted and full with the glory of cinema. happy birthday to the big man Frank Coppola.okay i'm back home now. i think Al Pacino gives the greatest performance i've ever seen on film in this movie, get to know me. 
3631  𝐆𝐎𝐃𝐅𝐀𝐓𝐇𝐄𝐑 𝐏𝐀𝐑𝐓 𝐈𝐈: 𝐓𝐇𝐄 𝐆𝐑𝐄𝐀𝐓𝐄𝐒𝐓 𝐒𝐄𝐐𝐔𝐄𝐋 𝐎𝐅 𝐀𝐋𝐋 𝐓𝐈𝐌𝐄There's few other contenders, right?And I believe at this point my dad has pretty much shown me all of his favorite films. I'm not sure why but I always thought my dad thought of this film as inferior to the first one. Maybe it's how much he praised the first as "the greatest film of all time", maybe it's because he talks about how he's seen the first one over…  
3632 finally got to watch Part 2. I know a lot of people like this one more than the 1st, but i actually prefer The Godfather over The Godfather Part 2 
3633  “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart.” Paramount Pictures knew they had something special on their hands with The Godfather despite its troubled production. Before the original film even released talks of a sequel had already been in motion and naturally, because of the box office success and awards to come, Paramount was quick to greenlight a second part in a hurry. In hindsight, boy do you want to talk about a gutsy call…How could one possibly…  
3634 Italian dilfs committing crimes for 3 hours & 22 minutes… It’s just so comforting to me 
3635 ‏هناك الكثير من الأشياء التي علمني إياها والدي هنا في هذه الغرفة. لقد علمني: "ابق أعدائك قريبين ولكن أصدقائك اقرب". ملحمة مأساوية يقشعر لها البدن.. لو وجد ما يعرف بعجائب السينما السبع لكانت ثنائية العراب أحدها.  
3636  “If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything; it’s that you can kill anyone.”GODDAMN! I CANNOT BELIEVE AL PACINO DID NOT WIN THE ACADEMY AWARD FOR THIS!!!!Pacino’s death stare pierces like shattered glass into your soul, with an intimidating and hypnotic presence. His simmering rage, intensely subdued vulnerability and his capacity for emotion is what makes Michael Corleone such a compelling complex and tragic character.Robert De Niro had a difficult job to…  
3637 Robert De Niro and Al Pacino legends. 
3638 Good movie. 
3639 Doctor said that if i don’t get to make out with young vito corleone Righr Now i my lungs will collapse and i will die 
3640 cried during this viewing.. that last flashback at the dinner table with all the brothers may just be my favorite scene out of both movies. such a goddamn masterpiece.“You never lose your family.” 
3641  Everything about these films is absolutely perfect. First one probably has more iconic moments but Part 2 feels more familiar to me. I guess why I’ve always loved this more is because Pacino has more powerful screen presence and Vito’s backstory so elegantly plays into all the differences between him and Michael and how Vito meant to something different to Michael than everyone else. Michael’s arc in itself is outstandingly constructed but understanding the history of this family and its…  
3642 « One thing i learned from pop was to try to think as people around you think »i want to protect DADDIES robert de niro and al pacino at all cost :( 
3643 All Films Watched in 2020, RankedThe Godfather: Part II 062320 on Vudu:The downfall of a legacy, of an ideology, of a family. 
3644 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   One of the very few 9/10s that left me speechless, but I still think the first one is better. I feel like Coppola should have made either a plotwise or emotionalwise connection of the past scenes between the present scenes. These scenes just seemed to exist only to show what was Vito Corleone's life. And Kay's permission to leave came out of nowhere, I hoped Coppola would have predicted that but also not making it too obvious (much like how…   
3645 peter griffin was right. 
3646  “Pop Goes the Weasel” is what all traditional Italian tunes are made of...The sequel that far exceeds its predecessor, Francis Ford Coppola goes above and beyond to make a gangster epic. Everything that was phenomenal about the original is amplified in this film and more is added to make it potentially the ultimate tale of the Italian American gangster. Not only are themes of family, revenge, tradition, and business explored; there is also a vast political theme topping this…  
3647  Francis Ford Coppola’s follow up to the multi-Oscar winning classic The Godfather (1972) is for me not only the best sequel ever made, but the best film ever made. The sheer scale of this production is remarkable and highlights the fact that the filmmakers had no intention to rest on their previous achievements. Instead they have the audacity to demand equal, if not greater, results as they strived to catch lightning in a bottle for the second time. You might…  
3648 So much richer than the first one in every way. Part I is just the prologue to this masterpiece. 
3649  Shadow and light. Past and present liquefies into a seamless matter of echoing timeline. This is sequel heaven in the rarest form; akin to the perks of the original, this time stomaching something smoother and more potent. Francis Ford Coppola's return to the revenge, retribution, and bloodshed of the mafia, an undoubtedly exceptional picture and a peek into the next chapter of the Corleone family. A polished work of art, The Godfather: Part II dives deeper into Michael Corleone and…  
3650 The father (Marlon Brando), the son (Al Pacino), and the holy spirit (Robert De Niro) 
3651 Utterly brilliant throughout its entire runtime. I personally prefer the first, but they're both phenomenal and I'll definitely revisit both of these several times in the future. 
3652 francis ford coppola put his whole copdussy into this thing 
3653 It's no Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again, but it's still pretty damn great. 
3654  Sempre que se assisti “O Poderoso Chefão” e “O Poderoso Chefão Parte II” fica aquela pergunta e sensação de sempre: “qual é o seu favorito? ”. Para falar a verdade isso nem importa porque no final porque são dois filmes gigantes. Mas por outro lado de vez em quando é divertido pensar nisso e sempre que revisito os filmes minha resposta muda, mas hoje diria sem pensar duas vezes que mesmo achando o primeiro filme extraordinário em tudo, o meu…  
3655 scavenger hunt 46 | task 28 | a film featuring a character from AFI’s 50 greatest villains list not to be contra vershal but I didn’t like this nearly as much as the first one and it was so long omg 
3656  Im so behind on logging my films so Ill make this quick with some random thoughts- Really liked it. Didnt love it. Enjoyed the first one more. Especially the story and the characters.- Michael really turned into a dick and it made me enjoy the experience less.- I actually did love this one for the first half but then the second half I was starting to lose interest. Definitely felt the almost 3.5 hours runtime but I…  
3657 im not gonna be Edgy and pretend these movies arent good but i cannot WAIT until 30-40 years from now when fun movies like black panther and wonder woman are hailed as cult action classics and get like 4.6/5 average ratings just for the sake of being influentialbasically, why do we let great movies become incredibly overrated just because white dudes get to say whats "good cinema" and whats not. in this essay i will 
3658  Wanna learn something funny? I can't recall a thing about The Godfather! I've heard so little about that movie in two years, aside from the one or two instances where someone told me how boring it was, that I had to go back and read my old review to have any idea what the hell happened in it. And you know what? I think I know even less now!Yeah, you can really tell a movie is great when its…  
3659  This was peak ash. I'm gonna rewatch this tonight just one more time but this movie was absolutely astonishing. Fredo was a great character and u really feel for him towards the end. Michael's development was even better in this movie than the first. By the end it really shows how back when he was younger he was always the quiet one, but always had an idea in his mind without telling anyone. Then by the end of the godfather…  
3660  "I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies." - Michael Corleone When The Godfather is widely regarded as one of the greatest films ever made, how do you make a sequel that can only dream to match that greatness? Well due to the first film setting up certain things for a sequel, Francis Ford Coppola alongside his cast and crew made 1974's The Godfather: Part II, not only one of the best sequels ever made,…  
3661  like the previous entry in this trilogy, i went into this thinking it was going to be overrated and overhyped, but just like the last time i was completely wrong. this film is one of the greatest of all time, end of discussion. the plot, the acting, the cinematography again absolutely shines. i cannot even pick a standout performer acting wise but if i really had to i would pick john cazale, his performance as fredo was compelling and was…  
3662  "Keep your friends close and your enemies closer."My review of The GodfatherJust like the original, The Godfather: Part II is also an absolute masterpiece of cinema. It’s so hard to compare the two because their both so perfect, but if I had to pick one I think I probably prefer this, something about it just resonates with me more than the first film but there’s really no wrong answer.First off, the plot. The way the film switched between…  
3663 going to retire from watching movies because i don’t think another movie will live up to this 
3664 I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!Michael Corleone destruyo el legado mas importante de su padre Vito, Y no me refiero a su gran imperio del crimen si no que a la misma familia Corleone, Toda una tragedia Moderna.10 besos de la muerte de 10 
3665 I really can’t say whether I think this is better than the original, both are superb in every single aspect. Michael’s descent into darkness is so sickeningly realistic and brilliantly designed. 
3666 Never let a 6 year old escape your crime compound after slaughtering his whole family.I identify with Michael Corleone and support his decisions just from knowing how annoying group project management can be. 
3667 The Godfather part 2 makes The Godfather look like the Godfather part 3. If you get thr chance watch this one with the commentary track, Coppola keeps it going for the entire run time without missing a beat. 
3668 “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”MASTERPIECE. 
3669 • Lighting• Yeah, yeah: it's the best one. Who am I kidding. 
3670  This is beast of a movie and, in contrast to its predecessor, feels every bit the 3 hour 20 minute run time. Admittedly, I fought to stay awake throughout this film, it felt like a marathon. Watched with Kyler and Ted on a Monday and I didn’t like this installment nearly as much as the Original Godfather film. Aesthetically, this movie is fantastic, but the pacing, message, storyline and organization just felt chaotic and off at times. Primarily, it’s important…  
3671  This movie is so beautiful on a technical level. The direction and framing are flawless, the acting is superb, and the writing is as solid as a rock. The only thing keeping this from being a 5 star for me, and I hate to say this, It's just too damn long... There was a point before the intermission came where I almost paused it myself to take a breather. I've seen the first one a dozen times at least (this…  
3672 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   What a beautiful acting lesson the protagonists give us!/ ¡Qué hermosa cátedra de actuación nos dan los protagonistas!De Niro only adopts the mannerisms that Brando generated, as he progresses on his way to becoming a mobster. Pacino, when he realizes Fredo's betrayal, gives us everything with his face and body, and Coppola devotes a good bit of time to the agony he feels and the dilemma of what to do. Cazale, finally confesses his frustration, his childish tantrum, his…   
3673 For a long time I thought this was the best film ever made. Now I think it’s the best as well as my all time favorite.5/5 
3674  This really is one of the greatest sequels ever made, the way it’s both a sequel and prequel simultaneously is absolutely brilliant. I loved how both story lines contrast each other and manage to keep you engaged, although I did find myself slightly more interested in Vito’s back story and I kind of wish he was given a full prequel film. I loved De Niro’s take on Vito and seeing his rise to power. I can only imagine how hard…  
3675 while i was watching this my friend texted me saying she was watching the new cinderella movie this is literally worse than fredo's betrayal 
3676 I'm so glad I rewatched these masterpieces because now I still think they are two of the best films I've seen but for totally different reasons than I did 5 years ago! I don't know if I prefer this or the first one (I think I prefer this by sooooo little but I'm still not sure).It's trully one of the most well-paced films I've ever seen and the structure and balance between the 2 eras is perfect! 
3677 "I knew it was you Fredo, you broke my heart. You broke my HEART!". 
3678 If only the cuban revolution had taken place earlier so much of this could have been avoided 
3679  I'm going to be honest here, but I'm one of those who likes The Godfather Part II over The Godfather. While I do think The Godfather is a masterpiece, and most probably a better movie, though on a personal aspect I loved this film a little more. I think it went darker and took the premise of the first film and did something alot better. Here we have two stories. A sequel and a prequel. The sequel is the continuation…  
3680 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “I know it was you Fredo. You broke my heart”For a while now I liked The Godfather Part I better but now I see the true beauty and excellence of the second. The first time I watched this something’s didn’t work for me, For example the Vito Corleone story line with Robert Dinero. Now I can’t see how I disliked that with both storylines being nearly flawless showing Michael Corleone and Vito becoming “Godfather”. What I truly picked up…   
3681 really great film, i enjoyed it a lot more than the first one for sure. i did find myself bored at some parts, probably because of the insane runtime but other than that everything was enjoyable. i think the storyline was really interesting, more complex than the first, more fun for me definitely. 
3682 “i know it was you fredo, you broke my heart.”i will forever hate the academy for not giving al pacino an oscar for his portrayal of michael corleone. 
3683 Part IIYou were good son, real good, maybe even the best. 
3684 Well first off, brilliant film... I am in love with the whole father son dynamic of the film. Whenever there is a father son scene, it switches between Robert Di Nero and Al Pacino. Pure originality there. Great sequel to the Godfather 1. I am not sure which film I prefer. However, I was a bit confused during the Godfather 2 as it was my first watching and found it slightly hard to follow. Other than that, it is still 5/5! 
3685  ‎تدور أحداث الجزء الثاني حول قصتين متوازيتين؛ الأولى: تتعلق بالابن (مايكل كورليوني) في الخمسينيات من القرن الماضي، بعد نهاية الجزء الأول؛ إذ يسعى للتوسع في نشاط عائلته في أماكن جديدة مثل لاس فيجاس، وهوليوود، وكوبا. والثانية: عودة للماضي لتاريخ الأب (فيتو كورليوني) وطفولته في (صقلية) بإيطاليا في بداية القرن العشرين، هجرته لأمريكا مجبرًا وتأسيسه لعائلة كورليوني الإجرامية في مدينة نيويورك. الاخراج جميل تطور كبير بشخصية مايكل الي اداها الباتشينو باداء مبهر فلم مدته ثلاث ساعات وربع جميله جدا استمتعت…  
3686 fredo watch out he’s about to shoot you!! oh god he’s got AirPods on. he can’t hear us. oh my god  oh god 
3687 Fantastic continuation of the story of the Corleone family. Michael is the definition of Sprezzatura. Though, I do not love it as much as the original film. 
3688 Disillusionment In Sun-Drenched 1970s American New Wave Cinema: A Watching BriefAlso not bad.But even longer though :( 
3689  Film 12/20 of Movies by Decade: 1970s List of reviews: here-----It's been about two months since I first saw The Godfather, and now I've sat down and finished the sequel! On the whole I thought the film was just as enrapturing as the first one, and the 3+ hour runtime just breezed by like before because the story and characters are so engaging.The film is darker and even more tragic, if that was even possible after the…  
3690  If a film makes you feel like a better person after watching it, even more so after a good nights rest it's probably more than likely worthy of a perfect score. Of course as much as The Godfather Part II has improved me it just as much destroyed me along the way. While I don't think there are as many memorable scenes here as there were in the first one (though don't get me wrong, there are still plenty. It's…  
3691  As I just saw the first Godfather movie again, it made sense for me to watch this again, as the last viewing was awhile back. I won't get into the debate of which motion picture is better, this or the original. I enjoy both equally and I don't fault anyone who falls on either side of the fence.A 200 minute movie that tells two different storylines at the same time (one of them having subtitles as almost all of…  
3692  Frank Pentangeli, I have countless words of adoration for you and I know not where to start.The Godfather Part II possesses an epicness much greater compared to the former entry, somehow. Part I was a really competent matia story, easy to follow and with a typical structure. Just done really good. Describing the plot of Part I is simple, Part II, however, is juggling so much, both thematically and narratively, and excelling at it all, that the "plot" can…  
3693 …Jesus Christ. 
3694  Un chef d’œuvre, un monument, ce jour-là, Francis Ford Coppola a rendu grâce au cinéma, nous a transmis une œuvre d’art dantesque, majestueuse, relevant presque de l’anormal, du divin. Coppola nous propose cette fois-ci un sequel plus complexe, plus froid et moins passionnant. Le film est axé sur le personnage de Michael Corleone, aussi complexe que brillamment interprété par celui qui est considéré comme le plus grand acteur de l’histoire du cinéma. Une interprétation à la hauteur de l’écriture de…  
3695 five stars is not enough 
3696 Name a more iconic duo than Robert De Niro and Al Pacino 😻😻 
3697 مش انا اللي اقول رأي في الفيلم الفيلم اللي يقول رأيه فيا 
3698 i have no words. 
3699 "Keep your friends close, and your enemies closer." 
3700 Not the Empire Strikes Back of The Godfather Duology, but a freaking gem nonetheless!Al Pacino is PRIME here and DeNiro’s portrayal is obviously not at par but it’s as beautiful as Brando’s.Part 1 is 98/100 & Part 2 is 96/100 ✨ 
3701 96/100 
3702 Michael can try to be scary all he wants but he will always be so weak submissive and breedable 
3703 I really don't know what I missed the first time I watched the 2 godfather films. There's only 2 ok you got that ? I think I was tired and unprepared but felt like I should watch them anyway. From what I've learned is to never go into a 3 hour film if you're really not prepared to. Well this time I was and omg this was fantastic. So was the first film 
3704 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  If getting murdered means that young Al Pacino will kiss me like that then sign me the fuck up!!  
3705  ✨🎬Unseen Classics🎬✨I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!I mean, of course the sequel is better. For simply one reason, Robert De Niro speaking in Italian 🔥It's clear to me The Godfather movies are to be enjoyed more as time goes on. Because while on a first viewing for each, it's clear to me I'm going to have to revisit them one day to fully take in everything properly, and I…  
3706 No, not as good as Padington 2, but it was alright, I guess. 
3707  Grade: 100%1970s Ranked - HEREBest Picture Winners Ranked - HERE100 Favourite Films - HEREThe Godfather: Part II is the definition of a perfect sequel and it accomplishes the near-impossible task of being just as good as its predecessor, which was already perfect in its own right. Francis Ford Coppola returned to this world with another great story of the Corleone family, with it following Michael as the head of the family as well as the backstory of how Vito…  
3708 After watching the 1st in theaters fuck it why not I’ll watch this masterpiece once again 
3709 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather Part 2 it's widely declared as one of the greatest movie sequels with it being on par with the first movie, and there's even been debate on if it's better than the original. Well, I am in the camp that loves it more than the original. It does what any good sequel should do. Take what worked before and expand upon it and the result is spectacular. Michael Corleone is now the head of the Corleone family and…   
3710  Often regarded as the greatest sequel ever made, I honestly think this film kind of falters at being a sequel. But as a prequel it’s the best prequel film ever made. The middle chunk in Cuba kind of bored me, I find Michael’s character to be less interesting after he became the boss because his fall into the life of crime was what really made the first film work so well, but he becomes more engaging as the film progresses. …  
3711  The door closing on Michael at the end of the first Godfather makes it clear that any chance of escape for him is gone now. The life he wanted to have cannot happen anymore, and he just has the family and the business. This film shows us the inevitable tragedy that the first film established as we watch Michael become less of a man, and more of a monster. As the business grows, both his family and humanity fall. Eventually,…  
3712 al pacino🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️ robert de niro🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️🧎‍♀️ 
3713  Top 250 - #006--I mean, you were all expecting this to come up sooner or later, right? With The Godfather: Part II, Francis Ford Coppola had the near-impossible task of continuing the story of one of filmmaking's greatest achievements and, against all odds, successfully carried on that legacy and delivered something equally, if not more, terrific, on every level. I do slightly prefer this over the original but I think that's got to be one of the…  
3714  What a treat this was to revisit this on the big screen and it did not disappoint, man, I’ll tell you. Coppola expands the tale of the Corleone family into a grander, more epic and poignant gangster story. Masterfully interweaving the flashbacks to Vito’s past, it contrasts perfectly to Michael’s present showing us how much he’s evolved into a dark, evil character. The flashbacks to his father were placed at the right time. We see how his father made the reputation for…  
3715 An actual masterpiece. I openly wept in *that* scene between Pacino and Keaton. The power of cinema in one scene. 
3716 The issue I had with the first one was the pace, it didn’t work for me. Part II is even longer, but the pace is in my sweet spot. Everything else is done as right as in the first one. Masterfully written and filmed. 
3717  “Michael, your father loves you very much.”What I needed today was a movie as long and engaging as possible to make me not think about life for a while. What I got was, clearly, much more. One of the most tragic and heartbreaking things I’ve ever seen. The simultaneous destruction and realization of the American dream in front of our eyes. A family whose shift in foundation from blood to business causes the collapse of every single relationship, no…  
3718 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   My dad showed me this movie for the first time in seventh gradeGood god, how is it as good as the original? Coppola continues the story and genuinely expands upon it. He continues to give Michael and Vito, two characters who were fantastic to begin with due to the first installment, immense character development. We see the juxtaposition of Vito’s rise and Michael’s fall. One of the things I love so much about the first two Godfather films, hell,…   
3719 the way michael enters wearing a tan trench coat and scarf and proceeds to slowly shut the door in kay's face is literally hilarious, i love this movie 
3720  Review Part I: The PrequelCoppola claimed this was the first ever numbered sequel in cinematic history. And it also made sequels respectable by being the first one ever to win Best Picture. However "sequel" used to be a dirty word.Among Coppola’s own "movie brat" peers, Scorsese and De Palma have never made a sequel. I wonder why? Even Disney refused to make a sequel until as late as 1990, and they were still controversial when Pixar made Toy…  
3721 i’m a meninist and i’m tired of pretending i’m not 
3722 francis ford coppola really said "here is three and a half hours of young al pacino and robert de niro being hot and sexy use it wisely 😘" and he should be allowed to do that! 
3723 I found myself far more enthralled with Vito’s origins than Michael’s story in this film. That said, the Cuban section, Kay’s confession, and the loss of the family were incredible moments in Michael’s story. There were just too many moments, however, where I found myself able to get pulled out of the film, whether it was a dragging pace or just the film’s ability to live in the excess of its epic tale. 
3724 i! know! it! was! you! fredo! you! broke! my! heart! you! broke! my! heart! 
3725 There's really very little I can think to write here. So far between part one and two this is one of the most deftly adapted novels put to film I've ever seen. The epitome of cultural touchstones and lightning in a bottle in simultaneity. While I find it nearly perfect I must say I didn't particularly care for it, which I gather may be the point by Puzo. Perhaps I should read the books as well. Looking forward to watching three and seeing why there's such vitriol toward it. 
3726 diane keaton you don't have to live like this you can come to me 
3727 Scorsese almost directed this.... 
3728 he broke his heart in havanaooh na na. 
3729 It's still outstanding. 
3730 80% of these movies are just people dressed in nice suits asking other people dressed in not as nice suits to leave the room so that the people in the nice suits can talk in private 
3731  A good sequel is something I personally feel isn't 'uncommon' in film, in fact, I'd say there are plenty of 'good', heck even 'decent' sequels around for everyone to check out, across countless genres.However, a 'worthy' sequel is an entirely different story in my mind. A worthy sequel isn't just one that builds on the first film (assuming it itself is great enough to warrant a continuation) but it's one that holds all the qualities of that film and…  
3732 Great film not as great as original, my only flaw is Michaels character arc, since it pretty much started and concluded in the first movie he really has nothing to do here, I wish they took the idea of him, turning from a humble nice man to a sinister calculating man, and made it the whole trilogy and not just the first movie 
3733  In my review of The Godfather that I wrote back in July, I wrote that I loved the movie, but I didn’t see it as one of the best movies ever made and that I found it to be a bit overhyped. Most of that applies to The Godfather: Part II, except I didn’t think that this one was overhyped.In all honesty, The Godfather: Part II lived up to the praise as a sequel that is just as good…  
3734  The Godfather: Part 2 – 9/10I finally got around to seeing this after years of putting it off. I’d only seen the first part a few years ago and wasn’t particularly blown away by it. Marlon Brando was the best thing about it and hearing that he doesn’t make an appearance in the second part put me off.Whilst none of the individual performances outshine Brando’s, I found this to be a much more complete and satisfying film. Pacino,…  
3735 cinema 
3736  When I first watched The Godfather Part II, I liked it a lot. It has since grown on me and, for the first time, I can't quite choose which is the best between the first and the second. Almost everything about both films is practically perfect.If screenwriters Coppola and Mario Puzo had decided to make the film a pure continuation from the first one, it would be nowhere near as revered or even as effective as it is in…  
3737 What a fucking good movie. To make up for watching them so late the rewatching will be crazy this year. Incredible storytelling. 
3738  The Godfather Part II is amazing.I personally loved this film and did not get bored once. I think this was as strong as the first film. This film had much to offer and I think is one of the best sequels of all time personally.When I watched this film I was amazed how Robert de Niro nailed the role of Don Vito Corleone. It would be pressure for any actor to play an iconic role which has previously…  
3739 Der Pate: Part IIMein absoluter Liebling unter den Mafia Filmen. Ein zeitloses Meisterwerk welches Generationen prägte und folgende Generationen prägen wird. Fantastische Atmosphäre welche eine Wucht von Gefühlen auslöst und Leute in Ihrem Bann zieht. Immer wieder großartig so ein perfektes Schauspiel zu erleben.Ich bin wirklich glücklich, als junger Mann, solch ein ikonisches Meisterwerk schauen zu dürfen.Im Gesamten: Ein Film über Familie, Verrat, Habgier, Liebe und Macht. 
3740 Now what if I said I liked this more than part 1? I LOVED IT 
3741  Oh god. Oh man. Oh wow. I had so much to say about the first film, but with this one, I can't really put my finger on anything at all. I'll try my best. It's hard to call this a 'sequel' per se, it's more of a continuation, a deepening of the already endless layers of the first film. But it doesn't hold back at all. It goes so deep into the darkness, that this movie comes together as one…  
3742 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Godfather 2 was awesome. The acting, writing, story. Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro put this film on their backs and help it cross the finish line after the longest movie I have ever seen. The first act is a little slow and exposition heavy. You figure out we’re everyone is at the time but not much else. The highlight was the assassination attempt on Michael. But when Act 2 came in Florida and Cuba, full steam ahead. This was such…   
3743  A searing statement on the corrupting nature of power, that hits even harder than the first one. With a narrative structure that's never been repeated as efficiently since, the whole movie is built around the idea of how the more power a person has, the more destructive it becomes. And the two distinct timelines help accentuate this a great deal. The flashbacks are genuinely emotional and touching and beautiful and wholesome. Because Vito does not have as much power as…  
3744  "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer." The first Godfather film is an epic masterclass in filmmaking and immersion into a culture and an unfamiliar world to many people. The second film is the same thing, just to an even greater degree of detail. My first viewing of this film had me a little bit lost at parts, but that's only because there is so much to take in in this world. The more I watch it, the more…  
3745 Thank god for the Vito flashbacks because otherwise this would’ve been the unhappiest, most miserable film I’ve ever seen 
3746  sometimes i look at michael corleone and all i can think is oh he did nothing wrong. god forbid a man be loyal to his family and run the said family like it's some kind of corporation😍i'm at the same stagnant point, the same way i was yesterday because there is absolutely nothing new i can say about this film that hasn't been said so many times before.... the godfather ii is a direct sequel from the first one…  
3747  the absolute nerve of francis ford coppola. after making one of the best films of all time, he could so easily have rested on the ol’ laurels, churned out a quick retread with some fun mob murders and called it a day. instead he made a sequel that complicates, subverts and interrogates everything about the original. this film is as dense and deliberate as the first one is breezy; the audience is denied any of the pulpy pleasures the original…  
3748 Now I am become filmbro, the watcher of films 😋 
3749 watching this rn pray for me yall…( see you in 3hours💔) 
3750 FAVOURITE FILMS OF ALL TIME - Click HEREGodfather II is a hauntingly beautiful tragedy that is cinema's absolute finest offering. The profoundly deep and layered story is brought to life by Francis Ford Coppola's masterful direction and pristine performances from Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro. It's captivating, beautiful and impactful. Easily the best thing I have ever seen. 
3751  In Godfather part 2, we see the expansion of Micheal Corleone's empire and him trying to continue his father's legacy as the Don of the family. He faces many challenges including betrayal from his own family and his friends.The screeplay of this films are the bed-rock of what makes films standout. The characters Mario Puzos created have so much complexities that you are in awe of them despite the fact that they are vile humans. Honestly speaking, this was…  
3752 Al Pacino put on a fucking PERFORMANCE. Something about his death stare into nothing just tells such a story in itself. While this movie is absolutely amazing from beginning to end, I do not believe that it’s a masterpiece. Now, that’s my opinion and it could be due to the fact that I‘m not too keen on older movies. I can sense why this movie would be considered great, but not greatest of all time. Still a wonderful film, with unexpected twists and turns throughout. 
3753 Kudos to Diane Keaton for taking that Mike Tyson style left from Al Pacino 
3754 I saw the ship “Moshulu” in the port when Vito came to America. So I’ve eaten dinner in a place part of The Godfather canon (the ship is currently docked in Philadelphia as a restaurant). 
3755  🔥 POWERFUL | ONE OF A KIND2nd Watch | Top 100 | Francis Ford Coppola RankedThere is so much to praise about The Godfather Part II. I could just say "perfection." However, I previously ranked this film 4 stars without a heart, and now it's high on my Top 100 list. I previously thought of this film as heavily overrated and I had this low on multiple of my lists, including my Best Picture winners ranked list and…  
3756  “I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.”The Godfather Part II is greatest, most influential, and rather elaborate movie of all time. Francis Ford Coppola really changed the game with this prequel/sequel. I wish I was around to see this on the big screen cause that would just make it even better. It was intense seeing the quick rise of Vito Corleone and the fall of Michael. Although, it doesn’t seem like Michael is descending,…  
3757 مكنتش عاملة حسابي اشوفه النهاردة عشان 3 ساعات و تِلت بس انا انبهرت جدًا بالجزء ده و مش قادرة اوصف جماله. 
3758  99Beyond words, you just need to watch it, you need to see it all just for how much care was put here. The main reason this still resonates for me and many others — the reason it feels so impactful, is the way the writers/director compare the two in subtle ways within the film and the darker approach to all of it. There was a mythic quality near the beginning of the first ‘The Godfather’ but as we enter…  
3759 Meh…palomera 
3760 This kind of reminded me of Julie & Julia when you’d be so relieved when they cut away from a Julie scene to a Julia scene. In this case Michael Corleone is obviously Julie and Vito Corleone is Julia. I don’t think I need to elaborate further. 
3761  Don't be a Fredo... don't break your Family's Hearts..."Kay: Oh, Michael. Michael, you are blind. It wasn't a Miscarriage. It was an Abortion. An Abortian, Michael. Just like our Marriage is an Abortian. Something that's unholy and evil. I didn't want your Son, Michael! I wouldn't bring another One of your Sons into this World! It was an Abotion, Michael! It was a Son, Michael! A Son! And I had it killed because this must all end! I know…  
3762 “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”THE BEST 
3763 What a great film to start the year with 
3764  Original Title: The Godfather: Part IIYear of Release: 1974Genres: Historical Drama; CrimeDirector: Francis Ford CoppolaWriters: Francis Ford Coppola, Mario PuzoMain Cast: Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, John Cazale, Talia Shire, Lee Strasberg, Michael V. Gazzo, G. D. Spradlin, Richard BrightMy love for The Godfather is quite legendary, having watched it over 10 times, while not that many people are aware that I have only seen The Godfather: Part II just…  
3765 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   ‘we saw a strange thing on our way here. some rebels were being arrested, and instead of being arrested, one of them pulled the pin on a grenade he had hidden in his jacket. he took himself and the captain of the command with him. now, the soldiers are paid to fight; the rebels aren't.’‘what does that tell you?’‘they can win’dare i say..... comrade corleonealso it goes without saying that this is literally a perfect film.…   
3766  Playing the part of both prequel and sequel to its legendary predecessor The Godfather (1972) with two parallel dramas, Francis Ford Coppola‘s crime drama The Godfather Part II (1974) delivers another intriguing story and more high quality acting performances in the series’ established style. An effort that was rewarded with multiple Oscars, including the first ever Academy Award for Best Picture win for a sequel.I could rehash what makes the original great and carries over to The Godfather Part II (1974), but the…  
3767 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Whilst you can argue it’s a little messier, I much prefer this one to the original. Don’t have too much to say other than that I really admire the way Coppola takes time with each scene, I don’t think he ever cuts too early. Fredo’s final moment is unexpected and hard-hitting in all the right ways. I really love De Niro’s performance, his parts are by far the best of the trilogy. There’s a defining moment, just before the intermission,…   
3768 This film made me less hungry and more depressed than the first one 
3769 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  “My name is Vito Corleone. You killed my father. Prepare to die.” type beat  
3770 No soporto mas este sufrimiento que se llama no ser amada por young robert de niro 
3771 I mean this has to be the greatest sequel ever made?! This is one of very few films that I consider to be perfect. I can’t find a single flaw whatsoever!Just...PERFECTION. 
3772 It’s a perfect movie 🍿 
3773 There is nothing like this.Edit: If there was a film I could give six stars it's this film 
3774 MASTERPIECEWhat to say that hasn't already been said? An absolute masterpiece like the first one. I would have liked to see Vito Corleone a little more but beyond that, this film is perfect, and is one of the greatest sequels in cinema history without a doubt. 
3775 I couldn't seem to shake the unnerving realization that if I was in the right place at the right time in the 1920's, I could have easily ended up being Mama Corleone.The Godfather Trilogy podcast episode 
3776 The greatest sequel to a movie ever!!The amount of detail in each setting and location just blows my mind, the scenes looked amazing and the story telling was beyond the script. Freaking amazing. 
3777  There just aren't other movies that look like the first two Godfather movies. It isn't the use of light, it's the use of shadow that's so black that it is like like light itself. Al Pacino's character slips deeper and deeper into his own personal darkness that he dresses as a New York version of a dark hat cowboy. He is dressed in black sitting, in black rooms and his dark eyes sink deeper back into his head as though…  
3778  Everyone kept saying that part two was the best sequel ever. That I needed to watch it immediately after part one. That it would blow my face clean off off. Well, two out of three ain't bad.I don't know about best sequel ever, since Terminator 2 exists, but it felt really awesome to see this days after first seeing the first film. The continuation of the Corleone saga spreads out in every direction at once, as if the first…  
3779 young bobby de niro 👀👀👀👀 sign me tf up 
3780 Michael Corleone: "If you don't listen to me and marry this man, you'll disappoint me". The godfather: part 2 is one of the best squeal's ever made to cinema. The acting is outstanding and the characters feel like real people and not movie characters. 
3781  Harry Dean Stanton! Abe Vigoda! Weaponized abortion!This movie has everything. I always assumed people calling this superior to the og Godfather were doing a spicy take or trying to be interesting or contrarian but this is an entirely different movie and likely my favourite of the two as well. And they never made another one!Only watched the first in 2021. Would’ve melted my brain had I seen this as a teen, and used “if history has taught us…  
3782 cannot fucking believe i just saw this in theaters. like, i just saw my husband, michael corleone on the big screen. 70s al pacino and bobby de niro on the big screen. SONNY AND FREDO CORLEONE ON THE BIG SCREEN. honestly though, seeing this in theaters made me appreciate the cinematography and color grading so much more because holy god this was one of the prettiest movies i’ve ever seen. what a perfect movie and a perfect experience, honestly i’d see this in theaters everyday for the rest of my life if i could 
3783  The on screen development of Michael throughout both films is remarkable. You truly feel the weight and emotional devastation over the choice Michael has to make with Fredo. Every scene Pacino is in is mesmerizing, even when he’s just ominously sitting and scheming.Robert Duvall as Tom continues to be one of, if not the most quietly masterful supporting role ever. Justice for Tom, can’t believe he isn’t involved in the third movie.I’ve seen this film three times now.…  
3784 The greatest movie sequel 
3785 Quite possibly the most 10/10 film ever made. 
3786 bold of you to assume i could write a review other than michael corleoneno but fr after 18 months not watching this masterpiece i forgot how hot al and bobby were 
3787 Le Parrain c'est très bien.Le Parrain 2 c'est encore mieux. 
3788  Hot damn! I love how tragic this was. I think it even improves the oringal film for me, now that I know the direction they took to further explore the characters of Michael and Vito. I now expect to think even better of these films next time I watch them. What holds it back just a little bit for me is the runtime. I hate to be that guy who complains about long runtimes, but it did bother me a…  
3789  The first Godfather movie was no slouch, but the equally-revered Part II marks a notable step up in elegance and ambition — broadening scope, refining form, delving deeper — while remaining entirely connected to its lofty predecessor. “Part II” is right; this is very much an organic continuation of a story that doesn’t feel complete without it and a style that is instantly recaptured by director Coppola, cinematographer Willis and composer Rota. Unlike many movies that alternate between multiple timelines,…  
3790 I really can’t decide what I prefer between this than the original. 
3791  Ugh, don't like being critical like this towards a legendary film like this but somehow has to do it: In contrast the tight yet massive structure of the original, this goes for a lot more sprawl and as a result it makes the film feel lost in the woods a lot of the time. The prequel bits should have been exercised completely while Michael's story needed more focus as to what starts off as a revenge story and then just…  
3792 Michael Corleone violently kissing his brother is the pinnacle of all cinema. 
3793  I'm not quite as fond of this one overall, not helped by the fact that this film makes the original better in some aspects, but the final act (post-intermission) is actually perfect and by far the best part of either of these films.Al Pacino is fantastic: he's seemingly aged 20 years in the span just two. The first time De Niro speaks and sounds exactly like Brando's Vito was genuinely a shock (though it's a bit of a shame…  
3794 I'm not a businessman, I'm a business, man 
3795  "Keep your friend close, but your enemies closer"Bueno, no cabe duda que esta y la primera son unas obras maestras, creo que ambas están al mismo nivel, no me parece que una sea mejor que otra, ambas son muy buenas en los mismos aspectos; creo yo ya es cosa de gustos cual prefiere uno de ambas.La primera trata sobre el ascenso de Michael y los últimos días de Vito, mientras en esta vemos a Michael estableciéndose más al…  
3796 Not just a sequel, but another masterpiece of continuing story. One of the most tragic film out there. 
3797 It is so neatly in conversation with its predecessor that the two will always live together in my head. I know and feel that Part II is a more grand and epic cinematic achievement, although I do think the first will go on to be more rewatchable.These two films truly did live up to every expectation I had of them. I will soon be watching the recut Godfather Coda instead of the original version of Part III, but for now I will be seeing 80 for Brady in twelve short hours and Coppola’s masterwork was simply a pregame for it. 
3798  “Oh, Michael. Michael, you are blind. It wasn't a miscarriage. It was an abortion. An abortion, Michael. Just like our marriage is an abortion. Something that's unholy and evil. I didn't want your son, Michael! I wouldn't bring another one of your sons into this world! It was an abortion, Michael! It was a son Michael! A son! And I had it killed because this must all end!I know now that it's over. I knew it then. There would…  
3799 young Al Pacino or young Robert De Niro i can take all both 
3800 As the viewer, we spend a lot of time looking into Michael Corleone’s eyes. They were so hopeful in Part 1, more filled with innocence. Now they’re dead and black. Aged on a young face. Never blinking. They’re terrifying, more so than anything else about him. 
3801 one of the best sequels 
3802 Spanning across two different time periods, The Godfather Part II delivers in its malevolence and blinding of one Michael Corleone. The complete contrast in corrupt idealistic family figure and an immigrant family initiator is what beholds the true tragedy within Michael. I did struggle to hold interest in the first 45 minutes however the story did pick up with the unfolding of betrayals at Michael’s feet and for most of the runtime I was engaged. Though not as epic as the original, The Godfather Part II is certainly a classic of cinema. 
3803 I like to imagine a world where we get epics like this every year instead of so much prestige TV that tries to do the same thing with more filler, weak cgi, and no theatrical scope 
3804 yeah yeah ok it’s pretty good. Whatever 
3805  After having rewatched the first movie (and having come to like it), it was almost inevitable not to create expectations for this one (especially since it is as praised as its previous one). I can already say that I liked it and it was different from what I expected. Rather than focusing on family and role succession, the focus is on showing how Michael is managing his father's legacy, while also showing Vito Corleone's past (and that was a surprise).…  
3806 crazy how this changed my life 
3807 A movie that over the years has only grown in stature for me. First time I saw this back in high school I was really only interested in the Michael storyline, whereas these days I'm enthralled from beginning to end. Also holy jeez, Coppola does not mess around with his 4K restorations, another immaculate disc. 
3808 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Score: 97%For the second film in a row, Al Pacino has been the best performance in spite of the actor playing Vito winning an Oscar (not that Robert DeNiro isn't great of course.) Also, this is amazing. Perhaps it was just the cinema sound system, but I found the sound of the gunshots to really echo throughout the film. They don't occur that often, and as such every time they do occur it gives the scene an added sense…   
3809 the shot of fredo on the boat <3 
3810 takes everything that the first movie does perfectly and adds to it in the best way possible. every single moment is like stepping into an old photograph, every crowd feels real and personal, like you’re living in the moment watching it exist. an engaging plot from start to finish that allows you to form a deep emotional connection, to feel the characters and their layered development from so many perspectives. the longest movie i’ve ever watched, but i wish it could go on forever 
3811  okay, here's my pitch: it's a tom hagen spinoff show a la better call saul, but it's filmed like a 90's sitcom and revolves around the lighthearted woes of being a hardworking lawyer under a mafia don maybe tom arrives at the airport the find his flight has been delayed *seinfield bass riff*. he sighs and uses a payphone to call vito, who speaks through unintelligible noises like the adults in charlie brown. what zany shenanigans will have to ensue…  
3812  I just love the way they hug like yas *muah*.That said I do think the first is just that much better. Going into the triology as a whole my presumption was that I’d be witness to an illustrious, grand operatic saga of power, prestige, family and crime and though some of that it is, both Godfather films I’ve seen have been ones that find their eminence in their apparent tranquility and their underlying virtue in their simplicity. For the…  
3813 100/100Al Pacino really knows how to sit in a chair. 
3814  godfather films are absolute masterclasses in filmmaking. the cinematography, direction and the score are impeccable as always but the storytelling was kinda weak in my opinion, or that’s just how i felt. this film is both prequel and sequel of The Godfather which is quite interesting (and it takes skill, it was pretty professional) & since The Godfather 2 shuttles back and forth constantly from past and present, it took me long to even understand De Niro’s character was Don Corleone in…  
3815 70s al pacino AND robert de niro? mamma mia 
3816 Badda-beautiful! Mamma-masterpiece! 
3817  The story is more engaging for me in this film than in its predecessor, but it lacks the former’s intense artistry of composition and editing (the film is so long!). I really like the way the two stories intertwine to make this both a sequel and a prequel. More novelistic than cinematic. The performances are extremely good, from all involved, but I was especially riveted by Robert De Niro and Al Pacino—so often I feel like they overact, but here…  
3818 Don’t mind me just logging this additional masterpiece for the first time ... 
3819  The Godfather Part Two is possibly the best film ever made, every part of this film is amazing, I'm not gonna compared this to the first one cause Both is damn great, I was very surprised by this. The story is amazing, everything makes perfect sense. The dialogue is some of the most original, and realistic ever putt on screen, the characters are flawless, and it's in every way perfectly written. The acting is just as fantastic, I can't believe…  
3820 The Godfather: Part II is a sequel that manages to be superior (even despite the sometimes sluggish pace). The flashbacks of Vito Corlone, add so much poignancy and punch to Michael's character and story, with Al Pacino giving a stupendous performance, and Robert De Niro excellently portraying young Vito.Like the original, the cinematography and Coppola's filmmaking is exceptional, and the final few minutes are powerful, emotional cinema. 
3821 I'm an idiot for having this at 4 stars before, this is perfect. 
3822 i just think i’ll never watch the godfather pt 3 ❤️ 
3823 if vito corleone murders me do NOT prosecute him, that is on ME, he caught ME slipping 
3824 ITALIAN AMERICANS LETS MAKE SOME NOISE (part 2) 
3825 I’m sorry The Dark Knight, Empire Strikes Back, Blade Runner 2049, but this and only this is the best sequel of all time.5/5 
3826 “If history has taught us anything, it’s that you can kill anyone.” If The Godfather is about who is doing the murdering, then Part II is about who is getting murdered. That’s for sure. Death is played here on a sheet of one-note music — that note being tragic, deeply upsetting, and impactful. Coppola capitalizes on a few major set-ups, too, in golden fashion. Kay gets the door. Fredo fumbles. Michael descends into the darkness without looking back. 
3827  Just like the first one, this is a masterpiece of filmmaking. A sequel and a prequel to The Godfather, it blends both storylines so well together through themes, violence, and epic storytelling. I enjoy the Vito Corleone storyline a bit more out of the two, but it’s only by a slim amount. I love me a good revenge tale and it’s one of the classics. De Niro is absolutely magnetic as a young Vito, and does a great job of…  
3828  Watching the entire history of the Corleone family (as well as the entire history of America, in a way) unfold before our eyes is undoubtedly one of the most engaging and rewarding cinematic experiences I can possibly think of. It's movies like this that make me wish I was a bit more skilled at following plotlines, but the fact that it's still a 5-star movie despite narratively evading me from time to time speaks only to its near-universal brilliance. It's…  
3829  From New York to Havana, past to present, The Godfather Part 2 is an exercise in contrast. Two storylines thematically juxtapose Vito’s fateful rise and Michael’s tragic downfall, a truly epic narrative that dwarfs the first film in its complexity.Vito’s story - from Sicilian childhood to burgeoning crime boss - acts as a wonderfully compelling prequel. We witness circumstance and encounters mold the young immigrant into the Don we know so well, through a lively pace and quaint period…  
3830 70s al pacino... whew what a beautiful man! 
3831  The Review: Part I"If history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone."Part II kicks off in an incredibly powerful way, introducing one of the greatest subplots in cinematic history. Vito Corleone's backstory is an interesting parallel to his son's violent offense on the 5 Mafia Family heads at the end of Part I. The entirety of this sequel seems to be about one's legacy and how people appear when held up next to their…  
3832 I have an unpopular opinion here... Goodfellas > The Godfather > The Godfather Part 2 > Scooby Doo: Zombie Island Wait I think i would swap the last two 
3833  My cinematic year ends with a film I've seen once when cinema became more to me but never again. I'm not sure if I had expectations but I'm slowly starting to see why some would call these the greatest films ever made even if I think that is somewhat big exaggeration. But great films they definitely are, open a little bit more the more you grow and I think the true test of maturity with these films is how you…  
3834 Any movie featuring Harry Dean Stanton is automatically great.This movie feels like an expansion on the original's story and characters in ways few other sequels could ever match. Everything is outstanding, from the lighting and camerawork to the performances. Just one detail bug me a bit; how could anyone expect us to believe Robert De Niro got old to be Marlon Brando? Naaah. 
3835 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   La secuela del padrino que retoma el nivel de perfección narrativa y de estética visual bajo una enorme dirección de Francis Ford coppola pero que retoma y configura un enorme cambio psicológico de Michael mientras en paralelo se forman las bases de su naturaleza, de su herencia maldita.Era imposible pensar que se pudiera superar o siquiera igualar el resultado de la primera película, en esos momentos coppola con una serenidad pasmosa derrochaba cada gota de su talento en esta…   
3836 I think I might be deeply in love with robert de niro 
3837 god, I wish I was that orange. 
3838 Nobody told me this movie would be this long. 
3839 De Niro is fun, Pacino is fucking great and Coppola knows how to work at this scale on a scene-by-scene level, but I can’t shake the feeling that in spite of its exorbitant length (a good 30+ minutes longer than the first one, lest we forget) it feels strangely hurried. I’m sure Coppola is sitting on at least another hour of footage somewhere, so whenever he releases that I’ll probably come back this and love it like everyone else does. 
3840  💯100%Screenwriter: So should The Godfather part II be a sequel or a prequelDe Niro: Prequel Pacino: Sequel Coppola: Yes. Perfection. There is literally nothing wrong with this movie. Technically speaking it’s perfect and I just love these characters. It’s so well crafted especially in some it’s doublesidedness (that’s a word shut up). It’s shot incredibly and it takes the franchise to a dark place, especially in the end. Micheal is definitely top 10 if not 5 best/ favorite…  
3841 Fuck me this really might be even better than the first. 
3842  “I saw a strange thing today. Some rebels were being arrested. One of them pulled the pin on a grenade. He took himself and the captain of the command with him. Now, soldiers are paid to fight; the rebels aren't.”Another masterpiece. I think that’s the legacy Francis Ford Coppola lives up to when we talk about the 70s - you’ve got three masterpieces, all-timers, seriously some of the best ever in the first two Godfathers and Apocalypse now, then…  
3843 I feel like i can die a fulfilled cinephile now. Enjoyed it more than its predecessor. 
3844 I loved every second De Niro was on screen, I wish more of the movie focused on him. The main story was great but it definitely had some slower moments. Fantastic sequel although I prefer part one 
3845 202 minutes of young Al Pacino AND Robert De Niro ??? now that right there, is what i call cinema. 
3846 I never thought I’d be slightly attracted to a young Robert De Niro, yet here we are. But in all seriousness, there’s nothing I can say about his film that hasn’t been said already, truly a shining example of not only a perfect sequel, but also a perfect prequel. 
3847 I liked part 2 better then the original. 
3848 This has to be the only sequel on the face of the earth to be better than the original u cant prove me wrong 
3849  When Frank orchestrated an Italian tune at the party. I thought he was going to play the Spider-Man 2 Pizza theme. The Godfather 2 is a certified hood classic and more. Seeing this in a packed Alamo Dafthouse is the dream. This is clearly Al Pacino’s most celebrated role. The desperation and fear of Michael Corleone’s fate is stronger as the film progresses. The Cuba section take on a new meaning during my second viewing. You can already feel the…  
3850 young, totally fuckable diane keaton: i aborted your son, i'm leaving and taking the kidsme: you can take my kids anytime 
3851  Part of the Composed by Nino Rota collection.-------------------------------…[the music] should underscore the fact that he [Vito Andolini/Corleone] has escaped to America… Statue of Liberty (music quieter, more sustained) … Music takes us to America. — Nino Rota's notes to himself on first viewing of the rough cut of The Godfather II.The quintessential 20th century Italian experience was the cousin who went to America, which by the way, was named after the Italian who pointed out to the…  
3852 A cena final, do Michael sentado sozinho. Tem diretores com mais de 30 anos de carreira que não chegam a vislumbrar algo próximo à essa cena. 
3853  “Your country ain't your blood -- you remember that.”I think the third act of The Godfather Part II is one of the most tragically devastating paths to completion, fully in descent into an irreversible pit Michael has dug himself halfway into at this point. Part I sees Michael becoming his father, embodying his business and role as Don, going against the very beliefs he held about what separated him and his familial ties from the business affairs his father…  
3854  The Godfather is a masterpiece. I get it, one of the best ever made, absolutely. But it’s never been one that I’ve had any real sort of connection to beyond sheer appreciation of everything it does. The Godfather: Part II was everything I hoped to get out of the first one.This was a massive scale epic feat of storytelling that somehow manages to tell two incredibly personal stories simultaneously while balancing this epic mobster storyline on top of those.…  
3855  “Our marriage is an abortion” has to be one of the coldest lines ever delivered in a major movie. I get the argument that Part II is the superior Godfather, but I'm not sure that's where I stand. I feel like the narrative of the first is more compelling and cohesive. It doesn’t have an extraordinary DeNiro performance, but I also would have loved if that had been its own movie. And on the other side of that, no Brando…  
3856  Its just incredible, its perfect, literally perfect. How it just depicts Michael's story and Vito's flashbacks shouldn't work, but its magnificently done, I could've seen a film from each. I would have no regret in calling it the best film ever made if I didn't have other few candidates as well, its astounding. It will sound really silly but this is so good that I had to piss before watching it, but it pulled me in so deeply that I…  
3857 I love all these crazy guys 
3858 Best sequel of all-time? No arguments here. 
3859 For the better part of my life, this was the best film I had ever seen. A true masterpiece. 
3860 Week 32: a trilogy - part 2Considerably more enjoyable than the first but I'm still not a huge fan. I find the narrative really difficult to follow (but that's on me, not the film).That being said, I loved how we got more of Vito Corleone's backstory. I wouldn't mind an entire film dedicated to that, as it was really interesting to see his rise to power. 
3861  52 Years In 52 Weeks: 2021 Edition11. 1974-----------------------------------------------------------------------------Let's just say I am torn on this one.Following the passing of Don Vito Corleone in the last film, his son Michael has taken over the reigns of the Corleone family empire. You'd think that some young fresh blood would revitalize the family but snooping politicians and shaky family ties make things harder. And while we follow Michael's struggles we also get the occasional flashback to Vito's past life,…  
3862 “I don’t feel I have to wipe out everybody, Tom. just my enemies”Astonishingly good just like the first one, not as good as the first one in my opinion but so very close.The story in part II exceeds that of part I and seeing how Vito got to the top is also a brilliant part of the film.But part I just has a whole different kind of feel to it that I can’t explain, still both movies are 10/10 absolutely no question.You know what, get into my top 310/10 
3863  I was gripped right from the off with this, something that didn't necessarily happen with the first film. Both openings were intriguing but this film handles the stakes perfectly in the beginning and really makes you care about what you're seeing on screen. I loved the approach taken which took the viewer on a journey through Vito Corleone's past. It allowed me to gain an understanding of his earlier life and also to let me grow a deeper appreciation of…  
3864 Fuck. Disregard what I said about The Godfather in my previous review. The Godfather Part II is the superior film. I know I'm in the minority with that opinion but I like pretty well every aspect of this more than the first. Al Pacino's turn as the morally corupt Michael Corleone in part 2 is flawless and arguably the greatest performance put on screen. Any scene where he yells gives me chills, he's the most commanding presence I've ever been bear witness too.I'm going to take my dog for a walk and then I'll watch Part III 
3865 HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY AL PACINO❤️❤️ here to more slutty years ahead of u 
3866 It doesn’t matter how many times I watch this film... it will always be the greatest sequel of all time and it’ll always be one of the greatest films of all time.Everything about this film is just absolutely magnificent. This is filmmaking at its best. There are literally NO flaws whatsoever. That final dinner scene just gives me chills every. single. time.Even though I’ve given both parts I and II 5 stars, I like the first one just a little bit more because I find it to be just a little bit more rewatchable. 
3867 michael corleone testifying before congress: i have never done anything wrong, ever, in my lifeme, fully aware of all the crimes he has committed: i know this, and i love you 
3868  What an interesting exercise to watch a series of films in quick succession: without the years of hype that the production results in at the time, some sense of clear-eyed observation settles in. Joining a fellow Letterboxder for their first foray into the Godfather trilogy, I was interested to look back at these first two instalments which lingered only hazily in my memory. It came with quite a weight of expectation; this being the go-to example of a sequel that…  
3869 The greatest sequel ever made. The rise of Vito and the fall of Michael. Two films for the price of one. It’s an epic gangster film that weaves themes of family, morality, trust and betrayal for almost 3.5 hours. While I do prefer Chinatown, I do believe that this film deserved its Best Picture win. And that final shot, heartbreaking. 
3870 I thought I had seen this about a decade ago, right after I watched the first one for the first time, but none of the movie seemed familiar so maybe this was my first time seeing this???? Anyway, this little movie is good. I hope it gets the exposure it deserves 🤞🏻 
3871  It would seem near impossible for Coppola (or anyone else for that matter) to top the masterpiece that is The Godfather (1972), but with Part II (1974), he did just that... or at least came pretty close. I've favored this sequel to the original for some time, but upon revisiting them both back to back, I think the first one had the slight edge. For as outstanding as these films are, Coppola's Apocalypse Now (1979) could very well be better.…  
3872  To be perfectly perfectly honest, it did take me exactly 1 hour to get into the film, yes 1 hour.But as soon as I did everything just suddenly became extraordinaire, magnificent, grandiose, immense and majestic to my eyes. (words are missing)I keep asking myself how is it possible that the film is 3h20 long, seriously 200 minutes how the fuck ?No lengths (in my opinion), nothing too much, just the perfect editing, the perfect dosing. Just everything…  
3873  what an amazing sequel! everything that made the first one great is present here but it manages to be even more ambitious, as it tells the before and after of the first film. it’s more layered, darker and a lot more complex.the parallel between vito corleone’s ascent and michael’s demise is extremely interesting and the immigrant question is very well explored. vito’s like a romantic robin hood whose violence feels kinda justified and exciting, while michael feels so cold…  
3874  I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!Part 2 to Coppola's epic crime drama is less visually evocative than its predecessor. The Rembrandt-esque hues are traded here for a less painterly, more naturalistic palette. There's inspiration to be found, here, for sure; Coppola shifts us from the grimy streets of New York to Las Vegas and Havana and Sicily. But, where Part 2 truly stands apart from it's predecessor is in narrative structure.…  
3875 It’s not quite the outright gripping masterpiece I consider the first film to be, but it’s so impressive in its scale and ambition, and so melancholically moving, that it still stands up as a truly worthy sequel. Pacino is even better than the first, bringing a true coldness that’s completely captivating, and De Niro is just perfect as a young Vito, a true predecessor to Brando’s character. As with the first, the lengthy runtime just flies by, utterly engrossing at nearly every turn - as far as sequels go, it’s up there with the greatest. 
3876 Tom:”Michael, how many enemies do you want to kill?”Michael:”Yes”.8.5/10 
3877 That fact that the same man who directed this made Jack starring Robin Williams, a film about a 10 year old boy who looks like a grown man, will never not be the funniest thing to me 😭 
3878  If you thought nothing can top The Godfather, think again.The sheer brilliance of juxtapositioning a young Vito Corleone, building his empire with principal and compassion. Whilst Michael strips the same empire from all the trust and confidence it once had and loses whatever was left of himself, by the end of the first film, in the process. Two sides of the same, blood-soaked, coin."I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over!""That's the way Pop wanted…  
3879 People always talk about 'Empire' being the best sequel - I beg to differ. 
3880 Jesus that was good Al Pacino is a god. He could be the best actor of all time 
3881 One of greatest sequels ever made. I’ve always preferred this one slightly to the first one. Pacino & De Niro are exceptional. 
3882  Film #25 of my February 2016 Scavenger HuntTask #17: A hugely influential trilogy with all 3 gaining Oscar nominations and winsletterboxd.com/martinjacob49/list/the-movie-kings-february-2016-scavenger-hunt/I can only imagine the pressure Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo had when crafting The Godfather: Part II. Coming off from creating such a highly influential movie that won so many Oscars including Best Picture and Best Actor for Brando and still considered to be the greatest movie of all-time for many people (such as myself),…  
3883  "There are many things my father taught me here in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."- Michael CorleoneTalk about following in big foot steps. The Godfather was an instant classic so naturally making a sequel would be difficult to say the least. Luckily, Francis Ford Coppola and his crew exceeded expectations and made the greatest sequel of all time. The fact that this film is able to match (and in my opinion…  
3884  The Godfather Part II is a brilliant film full of unforgettable moments, if marginally less coherent and effective than the original. Set seven years after the events of the first movie, it traces the increasingly alienated don, Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), as he expands his criminal empire into Nevada and Havana, while fighting congressional hearings, assassination attempts, and betrayal from within his very family. His cold existence is contrasted with his father Vito's early years, as the future godfather (Robert…  
3885 VERY LONG 
3886 50th Anniversary screeningWe are part of the same hypocrisy, Senator.Michael, we are bigger than US Steel.No words. Just Bobby D and Pacino at the peak of their game. Rightfully considered the greatest sequel ever made. 
3887 i lied when i said that part 1 is the greatest film of all time, because after rewatching this i can confidently say that this is the greatest film of all time. everything that made part 1 so great is even better here. the story, the writing, the score, the cinematography, the performances, all of it. this is perfection. THIS IS CINEMA. 
3888 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Vista la primera película del Padrino fácilmente podía decir que superarla era bien imposible. Basta decir que con sólo los minutos de escena de la boda ya se representaba todo el mundo de la mafia (ya sin hablar de la magistral interpretación de Brando). Pero su secuela? A mi humilde parecer se merece una buena nota al tener esa palpable calidad que se desprende de toda película bien filmada, bien interpretada y bien dirigida, (al menos, y sobretodo, en escenas…   
3889 The great American tragedy. Nothing can amend the retributive violence and soul destroying horror of the oppressive capitalist machine. At the end of it all you’ll just be an old man, mulling on memories lost and opportunities to change your fate lost to the pernicious winds of time. 
3890 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   when kay said she got an abortion i cheered. she was so done with micheal’s shit i was so proud of her for roasting him like that. she took control of her own life after being controlled for so long. don’t care what anyone says she did nothing wrong. micheal is a lame wannabe who wishes he was bad like vito. his revenge on cicco was excellent.if my son turned out like micheal i would crawl out of my grave just…   
3891 Everybody is absolutely entitled to their own opinions but the majority of contrarian reviews of GFII on this site are a vortex of dumbshittery that I wasn’t really prepared for 
3892 i’m sorry. i’m really trying here. i do respect it immensely. but the problem is literally as simple as i just can’t bring myself to care. trust me i wish things turned out differently too. but this was just such a chore to get through. like it makes me wonder what i’m missing here. i don’t know. i really am sorry. please send all hate mail to [email protected] 
3893 That’s one fucking long movie... I’m so exhausted. Gonna go take a nap now 😴 
3894  “My father taught me many things here, he taught me in this room. He taught me, keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”What a fantastic sequel. It accomplishes what the very best set out to do, capturing the brilliance of its predecessor while expanding upon its rich legacy by taking its characters in complex new directions and further developing the emotional nuances of their relationships, all the while maintaining its singular focus on telling the story of this…  
3895 I can't help but envy how comfortable Al Pacino always looks sitting in a chair.And no I'm not watching part 3 
3896 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Well ... my rating alone is gonna raise a few brows … Please don’t hate me.I must preface this by saying that I love the original The Godfather. I thought it was a tensely directed, wonderfully developed look at the duality of crime/mob morality and the slow descent of a man into the curse of his family, continuing a cycle of violence disguised as civility. So after re-watching it a while ago, I finally sat down to watch the…   
3897 The perfect sequel. All that needs to be said 
3898 Needed more Dunkaccino… 
3899 A well-crafted / multi-dimensional work of fiction.💯100%A+AwesometacularBetter Than Sex 
3900  Saw this for the first time through the 50th anniversary rerelease at Regal.It's a bit harder to follow than the first with more complex deals, hits, and schemes, but The Godfather Part II is still a wonderful film that continues one of the most tragic and compelling character arcs of all time. The performances continue to be amazing, with Pacino chewing his scenery perfectly. Coppola is even more assured behind the camera this time, and the budget is noticeably…  
3901  One of the all time greats. Or probably the alone greatest thing ever made in the history of cinematography. This movie is both "prequel" and "sequel" of the first godfather movie. I have never watched anything like this in my entire life. This movie has explained the life of underworld people in a great way. It also shows how vengeance eradicates happiness from your life. People don't even care about their family in greed of power. It's a masterpiece that…  
3902 Perfection. 
3903 i could listen to al pacino talk forever 
3904 I have never seen a movie like this that beautifully compliments its predecessor, an absolute gem of cinema 
3905 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Apologies. This is simply to draw your attention to the fact that I released a new single today that you can stream here on Spotify. Pre-order my second album here on Bandcamp. Thanks for being so gullible! ❤️  
3906 🎬🎭"The Godfather 2" is a masterpiece that makes you feel like you're in the mafia, without having to pay any membership fees. It's a rare sequel that surpasses the original, and Al Pacino's performance is so good, it should be illegal. This film is like a fine wine, it only gets better with age, and its impact on cinema is undeniable. Even if you don't give it a 5-star rating, you'll still wake up with a horse head in your bed if you don't watch it.🎬🎭 
3907 watching this with no bathroom breaks was… NOT the smartest idea I’ve had 
3908 robert de niro as vito corleone 🥵 
3909 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Now I want him and his dad?But seriously I don’t know whether this or the first is better I reckon what they did by showing vito’s backstory was effective and like comparing both Michael and Vito at similar ages was really interesting to see. The scene where Michael finds out what Fredo did was really cool and would’ve been even better if I didn’t know it was coming.  
3910 At the two hour mark, I said, “Spaghetti time,” & proceeded to make spaghetti with spicy marinara sauce that I then ate for the remaining hour & twenty minutes of this intensely Italian movie. Shit slapped 
3911 I am leaning towards it being better than the first one because it is a complete re-working of the first one, while still hitting unforeseen emotional beats and traumatic scenes that make you have a single tear down your cheek. Saw at the regal cinemas and it was just incredible. 
3912  #RetoCinefiloSo much has been written and said about this movie that it's a bit challenging to write something new. There is, however, something that most reviews miss about The Godfather Part II.One hears it called more of a continuation than a sequel, hence the "Part II" in the title. But it's something more than that: both the Godfather movies of the '70's are studies in dichotomy. The Godfather, the original film, brilliantly shows the contrast of these warm,…  
3913 Don't f*ck with Michael Corleone 
3914  A proper review:A stunning expansion of the first Godfather movie, intertwining the rise of Vito Corleone and the decline of Michael Corleone and showing how a man’s soul can so easily corrode in service of power, and using two stories that could have stood as their own narratives to build an epic of remarkable scope. The parallels of family, of betrayal, and of how power is earned (or stolen) in America are pretty neatly laid out, with the inspired backdrop…  
3915 this is a masterpiece i loved it 
3916 happy one year anniversary to me and godfather 2 😭❤️😭 
3917 The best way to end 2021/start 2022 
3918 "I know it was you fredo,You broke my heart!"הרבה יותר טוב ממה שזכרתי. 
3919 vito görseydi utanırdı be michael 
3920  rooted in the inevitable shift of power within the family of an empire, the first film forces the audience to learn from and adapt to the experiences of the characters unquestionably. as a way to immediately establish a foundation of familiarity and comfortability between the characters and the audience, the violence of the first film is significantly more flashy. by completely immersing the audience into this line of thinking right out of the gate, the behavior displayed in the second…  
3921 Kieran BGrant ZArtie BJoey ROur Season 3 Premiere THE GODFATHER PART II is now streaming on all Platforms! 
3922 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   esse virou meu queridinho insuperável mesmo eu ainda achando o primeiro superior esse consegue empatar e emplacar pela história continuar na essência!!novamente queria agradecer al pacino papacito e denirinho que meu deus do céu esses homens estavam inaudaveis nesse daqui a presença deles me dava suspiros eita homens gword das carreiras a cena inicial fez eu gritar no sofá assim que vi o al pacino meu deus do céu cada dia mais envolvida e você vê aqui às mudanças…   
3923 That ending never fails to tear me apart every single time 
3924  You Broke My Heart.This next installment builds on the world and the characters of the Corleone family and we move between Vito's rise to power and Michael's takeover of the family business.Al Pacino gives a career-best as he battles the mental strain of business and betrayal at the centre of the madness.The flashbacks to De Niro are interesting to watch but I'm not a fan of how they break up the present day story - I'm intrigued…  
3925 If you're like me and you've seen The Godfather but you were just put off by watching an even longer movie directly after, just watch it. Don't put it off for a year and then push yourself because it's part of a list that you wanna complete. Watch it. Study it. This is everything the first was but better, it's more emotional, it's jaw-dropping, suspenseful, and heartbreaking in so many aspects. Where the first was the rise of a criminal, the second is the downfall of a human. This movie is damned incredible, guys. 
3926 better than the first even though their both perfect movies. made its way in my top 5 
3927 A+"Times are changing." The capital-driven horrors and desolation of the prior film now further bleeding into the generational impact of an American family's moral decay and inevitable downfall; one which remains as accomplished as the innovative brilliance behind the camera (ex: atmospherics reflecting the freedoms, artistry, and emotionality of a narrative). A span of humanity diluting itself across time. 
3928 Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.It's undoubtedly a worthy sequel to a first-rate film. Al Pacino seriously should've won a best actor Oscar for his performance in this. 
3929  After watching the first Godfather, I had high expectations for the sequel. Almost everywhere I could read that the sequel was as good or even better than the first one. I would like to make a note of that. I certainly like them both in terms of film. That's for sure. Still, I don't think there's enough story of 'contemporary events' in the sequel. In my opinion, it focuses a little too much on Vito's past. This is personal, of…  
3930 The Godfather: Part II is the darker more brooding child of the legendary first film. This is a near perfect sequel and succeeds in every area where The Godfather did. With that said Marlon Brando had a wow factor that I feel cannot be fully achieved by any other character. Al Capone is incredible but he doesn't give me chills the way Brando did. I think nothing will ever be able to recreate the wow factor of my first viewing of The Godfather, and the fact that this film is even able to come close shows how excellent it is. 
3931 ¿La mejor película de todos los tiempos? Es un adjetivo bastante justo para calificar a esta obra maestra. 
3932  Franky Coppola's epic sequel is considered the best of the trilogy and to many people the best mafia flick. Regardless of where you stand on it, it is an ambitious and engaging continuation of the Corleone saga.Weaving together an origin story of Vito Corleone's arrival to the US and slow rise of power with Michael Corleone's predicaments of betrayal within his circle as the new Don provides an abundance of plot twists and "woah" moments. Let's just say, this…  
3933 scavenger hunt 55 | task 2You broke my heart. You broke my heart!Definitely preferred the flashback segments with Robert "God-Daddy" De Niro. 
3934  The Rise of an Empire.The Godfather Trilogy is the grittiest soap opera ever told.The reason it works so well is that you can't help but invest yourself in the characters and the arcs they take over the saga.Part II is much darker in tone than the first. The world has been established, the wheels have been set in motion and all we can do is watch the madness unfold.The way it intercuts between a prequel and…  
3935 It all boils down to family, and even within that, to a relationship between two brothers, Michael and Fredo. And if John Cazale doesn't break your heart in this, well...you have no heart. 
3936 One of the greatest sequels ever made. 
3937  Siempre he visto a El Padrino parte 2 como la mejor representación de un hombre comprándose su boleto sin regreso al infierno y llevándose entre las patas a todas las personas que alguna vez lo amaron. Michael tiene que ser uno de los villanos más increíbles y mejor construidos en la historia del cine. Algo que me gusta mucho en las películas del Padrino son los niños chillones. Normalmente en las películas siempre vemos a nenes encantadores, risueños y dormilones,…  
3938 Presque aussi bon que le premier, malheureusement c'est beaucoup trop long pour moi je pense que j'aurais dû mettre de la musique avec une vidéo Subway Surfers en même temps 🙏🏻😭 
3939  Hmm now this is interesting for me. First of all, I of course loved this. I thought it was great no doubt. I just personally didn’t connect with the story as much as I did with the first one. I thought Michael Corleone was fantastic again and his character is just incredible and definitely one of the best characters oat imo. I think the big thing missing for me was Brando. I thought he was a big factor in why…  
3940 first post after going viral on twitter hey guys!❤️ speaking my truth… never seen this movie but it’s probably even worse than the original. maybe if it was more entertaining and had more hot people i would’ve rated it higher! hope the twitter people like this review even more than the first!!! 
3941 Perfection. 
3942  Constructed at a scale somewhat beyond comprehension, and told with a clarity it's hard to fault, The Godfather: Part II centres on a tale as old time. On the one hand, a family rises to prominence, and on the other its ensuing success causes it to implode. The purpose behind telling these two stories both in parallel isn't always clear, but that's only because Coppola mostly resists the urge for easy dramatic irony, instead playing the rising fortunes and declining…  
3943  If I consider the first one to be romanticism of mob life, then this has to be the one dealing with thematic values. Michael Corleone is the most tragic character, we see his transition from an upbeat, jolly guy trying to have a well settled lifestyle into a cold-blooded gangster. Michael suffers from the tragedy of succession, having Vito's flashbacks (wonderfully played by DeNiro), added a lot more contrast between the two godfathers, as for one it was the rise…  
3944  Obviously great, obviously iconic.That being said, this is a sloppy season of TV compared to the wholly functional original. I can’t believe I’ve sat around listening to decades of debate over which one was better, only to walk into a complete hands-down no-contest situation. I mean, that first one MOVES, is completely self-contained, and asks very little of the viewer outside of a desire to be entertained by dramatics. The only upside to this slight disappointment is that I…  
3945 If me and my partner can give each other handjobs for the last hour of the movie, and still be amazed by it, definitely deserves 5 stars 
3946 i’m going to kill my self in front of netflix and change the trajectory of their lives why would they take this off netflix KYS KYS 
3947 Easily the best mafia film ever made. The best film ever made? I'm here for the discussion. 
3948 According to IMDb trivia, filming for “The Godfather Part II” (1974) took three weeks—much longer than “The Godfather Part I,” (1972) which took two hours. 
3949  there is something about these films that feels so personal to me. i love all the characters immensely and my heart breaks for all of them. the world is so rich. it feels lived in and for some weird reason it gives me comfort. michael might be one of, if not my favorite fictional character of all time, and watching his life fall apart because of his mistakes breaks my heart. the ending scene with michael alone at the table…  
3950 So it is possible to play a younger version of a character accurately while still elevating and bringing unique attributes to them? Take notes, Ehrenreich. 
3951  I have no shame in admitting that I do not enjoy The Godfather films in the slightest. Not a lot peaked my interest in that seemingly never ending 200 minutes, apart from how well shot some of the scenes were shot and some of the more dramatic moments, so I'll give Coppola that. But it was very rare that enough was happening in one moment, and as for the story itself, I felt like somebody needed to shake me awake…  
3952 Was a treat to see this in theaters for the 50 year anniversary. 
3953  The most critically beloved cashgrab in film history.That's not a shot at the movie, by the way, it's a rarely acknowledged fact that both Coppola and Pacino only agreed to return for the money. "They made an offer I couldn't refuse!" famously stated Coppola. "The ridiculous amount of money I asked for, they didn't seem to care." Pacino only came back when his salary was upped from the $35,000 of the first film to a staggering $500,000 ($3.18 million…  
3954 How in the *blue hell* was Gordon Willis not Oscar-nominated for his superlative cinematography for this movie? Madness.It's that cinematography - as well as a better score from Nino Rota, richer performances (my Supporting Actor Oscar vote would've gone to Michael V. Gazzo as Frankie Five Angels, only because John Cazale was inexplicably snubbed), and that amazing dual narrative - that pushes the sequel over the spectacular first installment.I can know exactly what's coming and how it's coming, but it still hits unbelievably hard each and every time. A towering cinematic achievement. 
3955  Somehow I've called myself a film fan for years and never saw this, and fuckin hell did it live up to every expectation. The two films that exist inside this film, Michael's story and young Vito's, by themselves could have been incredible films, but the cross between them, often with Coppola slowly fading from a close-up of Michael to Vito, makes each of them richer and creates a true masterwork. The cinematography, score, and performances are once again perfect. The…  
3956 Uma poesia em formato de filme. Copolla brinca com o tempo mostrando a queda e a Ascenção da família Corleone. Esse é filme é um conto sobre de perda, vingança, luto e solidão absoluta. O take final entrega tudo o que o filme passou de forma sucinta e maravilhosa, seja ela através de falas ou simplesmente através de olhares. 
3957 "If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it’s that you can kill anyone."A superb sequel, love the flashbacks with De Niro as Vito Corleone. There was a long time when i preferred Part II over the first film, but having seen both again back to back i think Part I is actually superior, because ultimately it just has the better story and characters.This is still a magnificent classic though and one that definitely deserves it's status.250 Favorites 
3958  The folly of monumentalising, or Grand opera for La-Z-Boys:Where commercial ventures, dependent upon popcorn sales accrued from a predecessor, get retro-fitted into apparent arcs and retooled into the poor man’s Odyssey (or the rich man’s Iliad, the poor paying twice for the revelation). Let’s face it, Star Wars was no Part IV and sufficiently standalone should it have been pre-ordained to fail. The Godfather likewise. This film, the respectable face of exhumation, reveals gold alongside the corpse and a…  
3959  The Young Vito sections are some of favorite scenes in any movie. The way they realize early century New York, the costumes, the lush score, the color palette - it’s all magnificent.Love the actor in the vaudeville play, he gives the perfect “Mama Mia!”. It’s a hall of fame line delivery. The section where Clemenza and Vito steal the rug feels like something from that era of silent shorts. A thief involves an innocent into his criminality, a cop…  
3960 [35mm IB Tech Print]Imagine finding out your brother betrayed you while some dude is swinging his dick around in front of a woman tied up to a wooden pole. 
3961 Finally got around to checking this out and yeah it’s pretty dang great. I’m definitely in the minority on this but I do prefer the first one to this. Part 2 is fantastic and very engaging but I think it’s a little too long and that’s my only complaint. Does a great job of mirroring scenes from the first and the poetic beauty of young Vito’s story and the parallels to Michael in the present timeline is stunning. These movies are truly works of art that are still admired and beloved all these years later. Absolutely timeless 
3962 Corleone Family was like Roman Empire. 
3963 francis ford coppola looking for an actor to cast as michael:i’m going to find a man that is so sexy. . . 
3964  Imagine truly suffering from success. Imagine a world in which your desire for normalcy was uprooted by a legacy and reputation that preceded you as an individual. Imagine the insurmountable weight of the burden that is thereafter placed upon you to carry that legacy to new heights, only to lose everything in the process. Your friends. Your family. Even one who was not yet ready to come into this world. All because you became a monster. Michael Corleone is the…  
3965 Carrega quase tudo aquilo que existia no primeiro, desde o jogo de interesses e traições de sua narrativa até o ato de cada gesto e escolha da encenação refletir nesse jogo (só que com muito mais sutileza), com exceção das personagens que agora não são mais apenas fantoches operando em prol do funcionamento deste jogo, mas almas perdidas em meio a ele. O pouco que existia de excesso no primeiro filme é cortado aqui, e o pouco que faltava para aquelas personagens é desenvolvido aqui. 
3966 oh no, the rise and fall of michael corleone might be the best writing of all time :/ 
3967 genuinely don’t understand how anyone could give this less than five stars like what more could you want 
3968  לא היה לי כוח לבקר אותם בנפרד אז כן שני סרטים מושלמים ששינו את הקולנוע ואת איך שאני אישית מסתכל על קולנוע, אין יותר מדיי מה להגיד שכבר לא נאמר. הסרט הראשון הוא בבסיסו סרט על השתנות של בן אדם, הטרנספורמציה של מייקל מחייל עם צלשים שהצליח 'לברוח' מעסק משפחתו לדון החדש שלא מפחד לרצוח אפילו אנשים בתוך המשפחה שלו. הסרט השני מראה איך ויטו הפך לסנדק והקים את האימפריה הפסיכית הזו, ואיך מייקל מתמודד עם לרשת אותה. הוא סרט…  
3969 Diane Keaton's last serious movieThe Vito Corleone side of the story is probably the best slice of cinema ever 
3970 Mi papá tuvo El Padrino 2. Yo Shrek 2. Fuimos criados por legendarias secuelas. 
3971 Need a full movie of just Frank Pentangeli trolling various courtrooms for a few hours 
3972 For as big of a punch the first one brought, I think I prefer this one just marginally because of how it doubles down on Michael’s abandonment from his family and how it intercuts with his father starting the life Michael has thrown away, perfectly reflecting and comparing their lifestyles. This is a monumental story and masterpiece of filmmaking. 
3973 My hot take is that I liked the first one better! 
3974 More Joe Spinell, more stars. The theatrical cut or CODA for my first viewing of Part III? Please advise 
3975  “I knew it was you, Fredo. I knew it was you and you broke my heart.”I keep thinking, as I haven't watched this movie before. I still don't understand why it took me so long.It was without a doubt a fantastic experience. One of the best movies ever made. Incredibly, it didn't even seem to be 3 hours long, it flew by. I loved so much <3Technically it was impeccable. Direction, script, soundtrack and admirable performances. Wow,…  
3976 𝒟ℰ 𝒩ℐℛ𝒪 ℐ𝒮 𝒯ℋℰ 𝒢𝒪𝒜𝒯. IDC IF PEOPLE SAYS GYLLENHAAL OR DICAPRIO IS THE GOAT 😂😂 
3977 Again, great score, it actually got even better. Michael barely scratched the surface of sicko mode in this one, but it was enough to make it more fun than the first movie. Disc one was sick as hell, but disc two offered the necessary drama and tension-building. 
3978  The highest standard of a sequel was created by this movie. We see the rise of the head of the Corleone family, Vito Corleone, arriving in America at the beginning of the 20th century and establishing his criminal empire. DeNiro of course legendary as the young, ambitious and vengeful mafia don. Fanucci and Don Ciccio? Ptooey! Also we watch the rise of Michael Corleone, an icy, cold blooded Al Pacino, establishing his power of the underworld in brutal fashion after…  
3979  As is the case with Part I, The Godfather Part II is an easy 5 star movie for me and is among my top 20 favorite films ever made. I won't lie, I didn't remember a lot of this film going into this rewatch. Hell, I'd argue the only reason I did this Godfather rewatch was simply to get to Part II due to me wanting to remember what it was I loved about this film. Well now I know…  
3980 it’s very personal to me ... 
3981  One Michael Corleone continues to be one of the most compellingly written characters ever put to screen. I had a lot to say about this throughout the runtime but now that it’s finished I’m kind of lost on a lot of those thoughts, not because it was overwhelming, I guess by the end I can just sum that up pretty basically. It’s a great crime epic. I really wish we saw more of De Niro as a young Vito, that…  
3982  A stellar film but it pales in comparison to the first in several ways mainly I felt this film had poorer pacing and yet it still felt like there were things missing from it. I just simply wasn’t as invested in comparison. I still found the performances and direction to be great, Al and Robert particular standouts. The parts with Vito always seemed more compelling to me even though they were more minimal overall and after the intermission I found…  
3983  My history of “The Godfather: Part II” spans several years – and several viewings – of my life, each moment culminating in where I am currently. My mother, who I often credit with kickstarting my love for Cinema, showed me “The Godfather” at a very formative time in my life: my taste was changing from Blockbuster extravaganza to certified Classics of the medium and when she showed me it, it changed how I viewed Cinema – it had awakened something…  
3984 1970s al pacino and robert de niro if you are free on tuesday we can hang out on tuesday if you are free okay xoxo 
3985 haha guess i have a thing for fictional mob bosses from the 1900s 
3986 Unlike Part: I, THE GODFATHER: Part II is boring, irritating, too confusing, too much work and of course too long. I'd rather the sequel’s story told in a much shorter runtime. If you wanna understand the mafia and Italian-American families, watch it. The US of A encapsulated. 
3987 So tell me, how the fuck is there a part 3?!10/10 
3988 I should probably rewatch this one. I don't remember much from my viewing of the movie, just being bored of the long length. Unfair, I know, and especially given it's the same creative team and cast as the first "Godfather" (which I do like), I might just need a more mature perspective to reevaluate it. Three stars. 
3989 One of the best movies ever made, part 2. 
3990 45th anniversary of 'The Godfather Part II': *insert Al Pacino's "What a picture" from 'ONCE UPON A TIME IN... HOLLYWOOD'*Pick any 2 characters and there will be at least one moment of writing brilliance between them - the main reason why 'The Godfather' still holds up for me and what a rare feat of (prequel-cum-)sequel living up to the (PERFECT here) original!P.S. Big fan of brilliant dissolve shots in 'The Godfather Part II' during the intercutting between Vito Corleone's rise & Michael Corleone's fall - Kudos to the editors and of course, "The Prince of Darkness" Gordon Willis! 
3991 when al pacino was walking around sucking on that orange... that's cinema 
3992 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   While The Godfather (1972) and The Godfather: Part II are both five-star films, I would have to give a slight edge to Part II: it's just a bit deeper and richer.Part II continues the story of Michael Corleone in Nevada. There is a lot of political intrigue as Michael tries to expand his territory. The film also focuses on his deteriorating relationship with his wife.Intercut with the present-day material—which is taking place in the late 1950s—is the origin…   
3993 The soundtrack! I'm in love♥️♥️♥️♥️ 
3994  I was able to experience my version of heaven. The local cinema was playing this on the large screen and I was the only one in theater. It could not have been more perfect.Discussing THE GODFATHER films is always very tricky as they have been dissected so much over the years. It is hard to find a different take so all I can do is go over my feelings. These films are classics, both I and II, and deserve…  
3995  Maybe it's a little strange to watch The Godfather: Part II on New Year's Eve, but I've been thinking about Al Pacino recently and I haven't watched this in forever!My opinion that this is better than the first one still stands, and I liked it even more the second time. The sequel is a little longer, but it doesn't exactly feel that way. The pacing moves the story along quite well, and it doesn't feel like it hangs too…  
3996 if you get extreme goosebumps just from hearing The Godfather theme play in the first minute while the titlecard appears onscreen, you know you're in for another cinematic experience of your life... a sequel that lived up to the high standards the first film had set. A MASTERPIECE 
3997  "The Godfather" is unquestionably one of the finest achievements in cinema history, and it's just astounding how much this sequel manages to almost exceed it in many ways. Fleshing out the character arc of Michael Corleono, and even richer in storytelling, it's incredible how beautifully Francis Ford Coppola is able to balance the individual stories of Michael's rise to power while also essentially telling the origin of Vito Corleono and making each scene just as involving as the last. DeNiro…  
3998  After news broke out that Hollywood was planning a sequel to The Godfather, no one could see how they could even try to top such a perfect and excellent film. Since this came out, this has been regarded as one of those rare films that surpass the original.Al Pacino is incredible. Robert De Niro gives an incredible breakout performance. The whole cast is amazing. The script is fully realized. Works as both a sequel and a prequel. It's mesmerizing…  
3999 This sequel is also great but why do they got our boy Pacino looking like an ice cream cone on the poster? They did him like they did Choi Min-sik on the Oldboy poster smh. 
4000  100% - A+“I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”He’s done it again.With The Godfather and The Godfather: Part II, Francis Ford Coppola produced some of the most impeccable, iconic films that have ever graced the screen. Two masterpieces of cinema, each extraordinarily special in their own ways. The leader of a crime family who passes the torch to his son, and the son who stops at nothing to live up…  
4001 De Niro > Brando 98/100 
4002  Well here it is. After months in anticipation of my 500th movie. Months of anticipation and delays, here it is. My 500th movie: The Godfather Part II. “I Don’t feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just My Enemies.”A prequel and a sequel to Francis Ford Coppola’s 1972 groundbreaking Mob film “The Godfather,” “The Godfather Part II” continues the story of the Corleone Family in 2 ways. One part is a prequel, focusing on a young Vito and…  
4003 Yeh The Godfather Part 1 is so much better in my opinion 
4004 al pacino 
4005 "I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies, that's all."There is a wonderful contrast here between Vito's optimism for the family under the influence of the American Dream and Michael turning the family into a business, leading to what is essentially his and the family's utter downfall. One of the most depressing character arcs of all time.Prefer the first film by a small bit but the downright devastating ending of this might be the best one in movie history? 
4006 What can I say that hasn't been said before, truly one of the best films ever made and probably the best sequel ever made too. Has to be seen by everyone without fail. 
4007  The Godfather Part 2 is a brilliant crime drama that sets the stage of amazing sequels that is I think is close to topping the original with two investing storylines about the hopeful tale of Vito Corleone of the past and the tragic tale of Michael Corleone. Miraculously managing to both enrich and expand upon themes first broached by its predecessor, it certainly ranks among the very best of all sequels in American cinema. The inter-play of the two stories…  
4008  My local cinema chain recently announced that they would be showing classic movies on Monday nights for the foreseeable future. It was something I'd wanted to see happen for ages, and I was overjoyed when I heard the news. Last week was the first week of this new venture, and the lacklustre My Girl was shown. Not a great start.But this week it was this masterpiece. Bit disappointed they didn't decide to show Part 1 last week but still,…  
4009 I haven't seen this but given that the name promotes- "g-d": religion, which is often patriarchal - "father": literally patriarchy - "part": an anagram of patr, the root of patriarchy - "ii': sequels, which means we get three films about a white, male protagonist rather than oneI think I'm justified to give this one star and move on 
4010  Top 100 of all time SelectionTop 10 Sequels (Only part two) SelectionTrilogy Series: The Godfather Trilogy"If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill anybody."I can't imagine the expectations when a sequel for The Godfather was announced, The Godfather is such a masterpiece that a step down was the logical thing, you could not get any higher right? But, Francis Ford Coppola created a new high, and…  
4011 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Young vito’s scenes so clearly tell that he was a lot better at what he did than michael. Vito was a better family man while Michael barely held his kids. Michael was a terrible husband, terrible father and even a terrible sibling. But his biggest mistake was fumbling kay. Imagine hitting your wife because she aborted HER unborn fetus. As much as i’m amazed at al pacino here, that scene simply made me look on Michael as a sore loser.…   
4012 “It’s lonely at the top” - rev pooch 
4013 Heyyy where’s the ba ba ba ba pop goes the weasel heyyyy my Dunkaccino. Gabagool 
4014  Abortion! Betrayal! Roman empires! This was another first-time viewing that I was lucky to have seen on the big screen. I love the split timelines making this both a prequel and a sequel—it’s so interesting to see Vito’s immigrant’s journey story contrasted against the eventual collapse of his son’s family brought on by greed, capitalism, and patriarchy. The final scene with Michael sitting alone… 🤌🏼 Al Pacino gives such an intense, chilling performance, but Robert De Niro really did it…  
4015  Keep your friends close, but your enemies closerI finally watched The Godfather: Part II. Just needed to find a time to just sit down and watch it, and I, being lazy as hell today, just said “screw it! Imma watch The Godfather: Part II.”It’s as phenomenal as people say. I don’t think it’s better than the original, but it is excellent. Two fantastic intertwined stories with an incredible script and even better performances. Much like the first one,…  
4016  A simply staggering achievement to come off the first film and produce a follow-up of this magnitude, it's often said the 70s is the best of American cinema and when one considers the decade was opened up in such fashion as it was by Coppola's Godfather films... it's hard to argue otherwise, because everything else that came in their wake was just a bonus on top of these incredible films.Al Pacino is mesmerizing as Michael Corleone, he commands the…  
4017 *Not* better than the original, and I’ll tell you why: Vito’s backstory and Michael’s consolidation story simply crowd each other out. Pick one Francis Coppola (your push to tell both means neither can fully take flight). 
4018 One of the most powerful endings in movie history. Michael’s arc in this movie is so resonate. Impeccable filmmaking. 
4019  The Godfather Saga #2- The Rise of Vito Corleone, The Evolution of Michael CorleoneThe Godfather Part II has absolutely earned its reputation as one of the greatest sequels ever made, and barring The Empire Strikes Back (I'd slip T2 and love me or hate me for it Toy Story 2, Shrek 2 and Across The Spiderverse but thats just me talking) there's little competition for the greatest American film sequel. The way it continues the narrative of Michael Corleone…  
4020 Not as good as the first one but still amazing 
4021 This one was also a movie 
4022 This De Niro guy is pretty good, he should definitely star in some more mafia movies or something 
4023 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  "I know it was you Fredo, you broke my heart. You broke my heart!"  
4024 “I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.”I much preferred the first. —List: Francis Ford Coppola, Ranked [as director]List: Robert De Niro, Ranked [as actor]List: IMDb Top 250 Films, Ranked - #4 - 35/250List: Al Pacino, Ranked [as actor]List: The Godfather [Collection], RankedList: 1974, Ranked 
4025  Hoje é o aniversário do Al Pacino, então acho justo começar falando sobre ele. Seu segundo personagem mais famoso, Tony Montana, disse que os olhos nunca mentem, e ele estava certíssimo. Você descobre tudo sobre Michael Corleone através de seus olhos. O que ele observa, que emoção eles transmitem, quando se fecham e quando se deixam perder em memórias.Ainda mais quieto do que no primeiro filme, exceto nas cenas em que precisa explodir, Pacino atua com os olhos. Francis…  
4026 sometimes the filmbros are right it's truly a masterpiece 
4027  Bro, Al Pacino's glare gets me every time! Though I understand the merits of this film, what it accomplished, what it tried to achieve, and the source material it adapted from. This was so much harder to follow compared to the first one. And usually, that's never the problem for me because the solution would be to watch it again. But it also happens to be over three hours long! And after taking in the movie, the level of symbolism…  
4028 Story of young Vito Corleone coming to America. How he became powerful and relied upon! Amazing film! 
4029  87My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closerNo tengo mucho que decir, solo que al igual que la primera me fascinó.Está entrega tiene muchas escenas míticas como la final, con Michael quedandose solo en la mesa, el subtexto de ella es extremadamente profundo y es de las mejores secuencias que he visto, muy representativa de la evolución que conllevó el…  
4030  The ending of The Godfather: Part II is one of the most satisfying endings to a film I’ve ever seen. After tying up most of the loose ends, it leaves you with two final flashbacks that perfectly and singularly encapsulate the larger-than-life character of Vito Corleone, and the all too real character of Michael Corleone.The greatest fault of The Godfather: Part II for me is it’s ambition. It was hard for me to become fully invested in either Michael or Vito’s…  
4031 So i LOVEEE the first film. I expected this to be great but i went in knowing well enough it wont take the floor off my feet like the 1st one did BUT IT GODDAMN DID. This movie is beyond 5 stars. Its way too much that im afraid if i start analysing it , i might have a 5k word count in this review. 
4032  Meine Top 250Platz 85Auch wenn Randy in Scream 2 der Meinung ist, dass die Fortsetzung des Paten eine oscarprämierte Ausnahme darstellt so muss ich doch hier widersprechen. Der Pate Teil 2 ist nicht besser als sein Vorgänger, aber es ist ein sehr guter Film. Allerdings fehlt neben Brando auch insgesamt einiges in der Fortsetzung. Ich möchte das Werk nicht schmälern, kann aber die Kritiker verstehen, die in Teil 2 ein seelenloses Etwas sehen, dass sie mit Frankensteins Monster…  
4033 do NOT watch this if you’re in a depression. it will make things worse. 
4034 imagine getting involved with big scary mafia boss michael corleone and then you’re taller than him 
4035 Yeah I love the MAFIA:MoviesAboutFellowItalianAmericans 
4036  …and at the hour of our death.Putting the “business” in “family business” – or rather, taking the “family” out. Roughly equal to The Godfather in terms of sheer formal excellence, but it’s pretty staggering how this broadens its scope to condemn not just Michael but whole generations of the Corleone family until the only possible escape is to simply cut off the line. The resigned, muted, catharsis-less answer to the first film’s baptism montage is a stunner and the closing…  
4037  My Third Watch:(Got the extremely fortunate opportunity to rewatch this in the cinema)Let me just start by saying I don’t trust anyone who rates this lower than five stars (sorry, that’s just how it is). A true masterwork if I’ve ever seen one! The tragedy is almost Shakespearean and the betrayals are of biblical proportions. The juxtaposition of Vito’s rise to power against Michael’s fall is seriously such a genius move. Al Pacino gives one of the all-time…  
4038 "Carleone family was like the Roman Empire."Indeed it was the finest story ever told about an Empire🖤!Both are Masterworks in Gangster/Crime genres, yet still, Part 2 > Part 1 imo.🔥😌👌 
4039 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Vuelvo a decir parafraseando, no creo poder decir nada que no se haya dicho antes de este peliculón, una maravilla.En la película anterior mostraron partes de las diferencias entre Vito y Michael, esta película trata por completo sobre eso, mientras que Michael, ya consagrado como jefe de la mafia, consigue más poder asesinando a sus rivales y matando a quienes considera peligrosos para el, también va deteriorándose como persona, padre y hermano, en paralelo, cuenta la historia de Vito,…   
4040 young al pacino/robert de niro if you read this i’m free on thursday night and would like to hang out. please respond to this and then hang out with me on thursday night when i’m free. 
4041 vito’s masculine support structure and michael’s yummy and juicy feminine flow is So real 
4042  The tone of The Godfather turns from the nostalgia and mournfulness of Part I to the tragic in Part II. The structure of the second is different as well. The screenplay moves us both backward and forward in time: It takes us to events that took place before Part I, as young Vito Corleone leaves Sicily for America. It also picks up where Part I left off, with Vito's son Michael establishing himself as Don. Michael has transferred the family's…  
4043 Well, when people ask, “What’s the most noteworthy movie that you’ve never seen?” I can no longer answer “The Godfather Part II”.I feel about it the way I feel about the first one: it’s never going to top my list of favorite films, but it’s damn good. Extremely well-written, directed, and acted. I actually wish it had spent a little more time on the Vito Corleone story, but the stories in both time periods were excellent. Great stuff. 
4044 greatest sequel ever man. amazed at just how well Coppola juxtaposed vito’s rise & michael’s descent into darkness. 
4045 No tengo nada que decir ante esta obra maestra 
4046 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Considered by many as the best film of all time, The Godfather was first released in 1972, and finished with the rise of Michael Corleone. The Godfather: Part II, released 2 years later, is to me, a perfect sequel, and by many others, even better than the first one. De Niro as Vito CorleoneBefore jumping into Michael, this film is also focused on Vito Corleone’s youth and first steps before becoming The Godfather. I thank, and I will never…   
4047 my boyfriends hiii 
4048 the reason the rest of the corleone family never caught a fish was because the fish were offended by the number of people that they put down there to sleep with them. what do you think they are, slags? 
4049  7.4/10i know this movie is considered one of the best movies of all time, but to be honest, i think is just a good movie and nothing more than thatthe first one is waaaaay betteri mean, there are some good moments, especially in the last acti had fun while i was watching it, and the 3 hours and 20 are not boring at all, which is a hard thing to do but nothing here marked me,…  
4050 i seriosuly don’t know why this movie is so comforting i feel held by it it feels like home to me 
4051 Another epic flawless masterpiece. This serves as both a prequel and a sequel to The Godfather and is thought by some to be the best film ever made. Personally I still think Brando makes the original a better film. 
4052  While I don't think that The Godfather: Part II is a masterpiece like the first one and certainly not as enjoyable or emotionally moving, it is still an incredibly admirable film. I didn't think that the prequel-sequel schtick would work for me, but it really really did! Displaying Vito's rise to power while displaying Michael's fall from it is a stroke of genius, as it shows exactly why Vito is the true Godfather and why Michael will never be a…  
4053  I don't think Part 2 flows as well as the Part 1, and the tone is overall more sinister and nihilistic, but at the end of the day this is still one of the best movies ever made. They took the perfection of the first film and added De Niro. You can have no poor outcome from that equation. It's impossible.Watching this nowadays, I'm always struck by how immaculate and beautiful it is. It's a triumph in every department,…  
4054  my dad loves to gripe about how bad de niro's accent is but i think the flashbacks being almost entirely in italian is vital – this is a movie about cultural identity as much as anything else, and the way that it erodes and reshapes itself over time. the most overtly comedic moment comes when pentangeli attempts to instruct the distinctly non-italian band to play a tarantella, but when the clarinet player can't get it he ends up playing pop…  
4055 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   A man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man. Michael Corleone, and the trilogy as a whole, is the story of a man who forgets the values of family. Throughout the whole film, he treats family relations and problems like a business meeting. He tries to solve everything through deals, compromises, and absolutes. Michael thinks more logically. He doesn’t see his brother as a brother, he sees him as the weakest link, a liability, a…   
4056 I’m just constantly astonished with how amazing the first one is the sequel is that much stronger of a film. Pacino’s performance is one of the greatest screen illustrations I have ever seen. His eyes tell it all. What’s also brilliant is the politics that weaved in, Cuban liberation and little tidbits about American government activity make this film about the life of crime family into a allegory about Americanism and how America’s imperial spirit is one of decay, The Corleone families failure being the archetypal example. Just one of my all time favorite pictures. Love to watch it yearly. 
4057 When I heard of The Godfather, I thought it sounded like a great film from the get go. Then I finally watched it and yeah it’s a masterpiece, then after finally getting my stupid PlayStation controller to work I watched a film and my god, literally. These two are some great times. I just loved this one a bit more because Michael is such a great character and with ROBERT DE NIRO as Vito was amazing. With that runtime though, after the first hour it didn’t bother me. 
4058  Before I get angry messages, I know it's not 5-stars in my rating, just know that I still really like this film quite a lot. The flashback scenes featuring Robert De Niro are perfect. They're stunningly beautiful and add more texture to that great character that compliments everything we saw with Vito in Part I. I love that he wasn't too dissimilar from Michael when he was younger in terms of violence, but his motivations were very different. And that's…  
4059 young pacino:me: yes i do the cooking yes i do the cleaning plus i keep the- 
4060 wdym I’ve totally seen this before and didn’t put off watching it until now 👀 
4061 there's no abba music or lily james' delightful energy after the time jumps so mamma mia! here we go again is unbothered! 
4062  this was a great contrast in comparison to the original godfather film — the first one being more about the rise and physical necessities when it comes to joining the family business, while this one takes a look more into the psychological aspect of the business and how it affects you and others.michael’s character arc from the previous film to this one is not only absolutely amazing, but extremely horrifying. not to mention, the acting is fantabulous — john…  
4063 The continuing saga of the Corleone family has Al Pacino’s Michael leading the family through deals, betrayals, and tragedies. Robert DeNiro also stars through flashbacks as a young Vito Corleone from seeing his parents murdered to escaping Italy as a young child to go to America on his own. Great epic film. 
4064 #47https://youtu.be/nd4cLL_MP7MTy’s Oscar Best Pic watch: 47/90 
4065 Always my favorite of the trilogy. One of the greatest sequels ever made. 
4066  The Godfather Part 2 is often regarded as the greatest film of all time. With many claiming it to be better than its predecessor. Racking up a runtime of 200 minutes, this behemoth is the longest theatrical film I've seen. For those of you who read my review on Part 1 would know that my only gripe was with pacing issues, particularly in its third act which dipped completely to a point where I became uninterested. With no Marlon Brando…  
4067 Viewed on Blu-rayAs wonderful as The Godfather Part II (1974) is, what makes it a masterpiece are the flashback scenes of Vito Corleone's journey.It makes The Godfather Part II (1974) superior to The Godfather (1972). 
4068 For my money this is the single greatest cinematic achievement to date. Nobody has done better. It's a beast that is able to do anything it puts its mind to. 
4069  Most of the time when dealing with a sequel there is a stigma towards them that they are no where near as good as the original. And in most cases that is true but in this case it is not. And while I will not say that this movie is better than the original, even thought a lot of people do think it is. I will say that it matches the first one stroke for masterful stroke. As I can…  
4070 If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.My 1,000th film here on letterboxd! Honestly these movies are so much fun to watch. I think I prefer Part I mainly because of Brando, but Part II is not a slight to the series in any way. Al Pacino plays Michael Corleone with such intensity, his scenes with Kay were my favorite. 
4071 "Senator, we're both part of the same hypocrisy. But never think it applies to my family."-Michael CorleoneSuch victorious art. Much wow. Everything in this film is just too perfect. Watching The Godfather Part II is such an honor. And I feel like a puny creature who doesn't deserve such gargantuan honor. Lol. 
4072  Ay, madre, vaya tarde bien empleada.Creo que me gusta más la primera por tener una historia mas sencilla y emocional. Con unos temas y una estructura más universales y clásicos.Esta es más enrevesada y fría, los "negocios" tienen más peso. Por otro lado... de eso se trata. De mostrar cómo la mafia "romántica" de Vito, basada en el respeto, la jerarquía y el intercambio de favores para construir la lealtad se ha convertido en la mafia de los…  
4073  Let's just get it out of the way to begin with, The Godfather is the better film (in my estimation, by quite a bit). Main issue is that while the three-plus hours are as immensely watchable as the first, there's also about half the interest. In essence, the film—at least the Michael Corleone section—is one long denouement. It's the culmination of what began in the first film, only with less complication. There's no question of where the film is headed,…  
4074  Francis Ford Coppola's, The Godfather: Part 2, is a very solid follow up to the legendary first film. I've heard some say they prefer it to the original. That was not the case for me, but it took several viewings of The Godfather before I finally liked it anywhere near as much as most people do. Maybe the same thing will happen with this sequel, only time will tell. Soon I'll be watching the 3rd film. I've heard it's easily…  
4075  I sometimes forget the impact of this one, but it was my first "favorite movie" when such declarations really began to matter. I found something important in the way that this sequel, as a separate work, dared to critically explore the effect and implication of its predecessor's world--and, moreover, how it so deftly integrated written history into its lore. That approach probably accounts for how I view films (and works in other media, too) as objets d'art; as singular entries…  
4076 You're never going to find a more perfect piece of fiction than Godfather 1 and 2. Two absolute masterpieces. 
4077  Unlike its predecessor, I found the lengthy three and a half hours runtime to be quite tiresome, as the storyline failed to grasp me in a same way it did on the previous occasion. Whilst there were some gripping moments, they were mostly reserved for the climactic portions, leaving the middle segment lacking in much-needed urgency and momentum.Furthermore, the constant jumps between the present and the past at regular intervals felt disjointed, causing the narrative to become convoluted. While…  
4078 Part 1 is still ever so slightly better imo, but they’re basically equal. 
4079  “-The Corleone Family was like the Roman Empire.-Yeah, it once was.”El Padrino es considerada por muchos la mejor película de todos los tiempos. Tiene un guion perfecto, una dirección y actuaciones impecables, decenas de momentos memorables, y se ha vuelto una parte gigantesca ya no solo del cine, sino de la cultura en general…El Padrino 2, es eso y más.Esta es de esas contadisimas excepciones en las que la secuela supera a la original. Una vez…  
4080 there was this dude behind me who made a phone call during intermission and halfway through he couldn’t think of the name for the game “twister” so started describing it as best he could like “that game with the colors you put your hands on” and presumably the other person on the end of the phone was lost but i knew what he was talking about and said nothing. anyway that’s what i remember most 
4081 “Did not care for The Godfather … didn’t like it … couldn’t get into it … it insists upon itself Lois”           - Peter Griffin0/5 
4082  Vielleicht hatte ich einen schlechten Tag, eventuell war ich nicht konzentrieet genug, aber obwohl ich Der Pate II nun endlich mal auf der großen Leinwand gesehen habe, zusammen mit dem lieben Nenad, muss ich konstatieren, dass der zweite Teil, während ich den ersten immer genialer finde, nun viel eingebüßt hat.Während der erste Teil einen unvergesslichen Moment nach dem nächsten mühelos zaubert, hatte ich wirklich nicht auf dem Schirm, wie viel wirklich Langweiliges und relativ Austauschbares in Der Pate II die…  
4083  There’s a lot that has been said about the entire series that it just becomes silly to reiterate what has been stated beautifully multiple times before. I have come to the conclusion that people who regard The Godfather series to be boring have not completely understood the purpose or the heart behind this film and it’s characters. Even if that’s not the case and someone were to still find it beyond boring and unreasonably long, then to them I would…  
4084 The flashback ending is great and really puts both films in perspective. I prefer the 1st film. The acting in Pt 2 is so high level, Pacino and De Niro at the top of their game. Many people seem to come to love Pt.2 more than the original over time, I guess we will see down the road if I feel the same. 
4085 so cool of francis ford coppola to turn the song kill v maim by grimes into a movie! :-) 
4086 It’s Godfather IIWhat else do I need to say? 
4087 Fuck you Coppola bitch! Stay away from Harakiri lest you want to not have any kneecaps. 
4088 As the music faded in from that black screen, I knew I was watching a masterpiece. Everything in this film is near-perfect. What's left to say that hasn't been said a million times before? I'd die for this film. 
4089  “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”“Why do you hurt me Michael? I’ve always been loyal to you.”“My father’s name was Antonio Andolini, and this is for you…”*35 mm styled, 1.85:1 ratio, digitally restored version for the 50th year anniversary.*I’m so glad I watched this in the theatres, such an impactful movie. It’s been one of those movies I’ve always wanted to rewatch in the cinemas. When the score popped in and the title appeared…  
4090 Not one mention of gabagool smh. Anyways good sequel. I remember Shorsey showing us bit and pieces of this in Gangsters wars lol. Liked the change between Vito and Mikey throughout the film. Couldn't have a mafia film without Robert Di Niro in it. 
4091 Felt very different to the first one which maybe made me like it slightly more? I felt like I was watching something important, not because of the film's actual historical significance but because the way the story is told makes you feel like it is important. I really enjoyed the dual storyline in this too. Cathartic ending, that feeling when you were supposed to be something so great and you couldn't ever really pull it off. Weirdly relatable. I come away from these movies humming that beautiful theme music. 
4092  Miles better than The Godfather Part I in pretty much every way. Maybe it's because I watched it over the course of 3 days, giving it more room to linger, but I enjoyed Part II way more than the first one.The journey it takes you on; showing how the young Vito starts the family, and Michael turns it into a business. Betraying those whom you hold closest for the sake of temporary gain, ultimately leading to internal emptiness. It's…  
4093 Is it hard to write a review of this movie because everything worthwhile one could say about it has already been said, or because it's just so good that you're kind of just speechless? Same thing goes for the first one btw. 
4094 Watching this in a world with both Paddington 2 and Shrek 2 makes it all the more depressing when thinking how much awards ceremonies such as the Oscars like to proclaim themselves 
4095  Guys, don’t call me crazy, I know this is a hot take, but I think that is one of the best movies of all time.Nah but in all seriousness what is there to say about this that hasn’t been said. I went into this film fully open minded, fully ready to form my own opinion and not listen to everyone else but man… there is most definitely a reason that this is known as the best.Absolute masterpiece without…  
4096  Its not often that a sequel can live up to the first film in a franchise it would be especially hard to make one that can live up to the godfather but Francis Ford Coppola manages to do so in such an impressive way, this isn’t one of those sequels that takes everything from the original and just does it again which he very well could have do just with Micheal being the new godfather but that wouldn’t be even…  
4097 Top 250 Narrative Films: 5/250I mean honestly, as masterful and superb as The Godfather is, this one is in my opinion superior 😳 A MASTERPIECE 
4098 An absolute treat to see for the first time on the big screen. Nothing new to add here. 
4099 один из самых трагичных фильмов, когда-либо снятых. оптимизм и любовь Вито к семье ярко контрастируют с Майклом, превращающим семью в бизнес. академию следовало бы навсегда распустить после того, как они не дали Аль Пачино награду за лучшую актерскую работу в этом фильме. 
4100 yeah it's an incredible sequel about betrayal and trauma and greed, how a man can want so desperately to become something that his hunger drives him in the opposite direction but robert de niro speaking italian was perhaps the greatest thing i've ever been given the chance to witness. watch out for when i watch this sober and with subtitles because maybe i'll like this even more but for the most part yeah i was drooling over pacino and missing my boy sonny 
4101 the first one will forever be my favorite but this one is just as good + i love seeing my husband robert de niro <3 
4102  Let me get this out of the way. This film is the best sequel of all time! I imagine if social media were a thing back in early 70s, the news of a sequel to the cinematic masterpiece that was the first Godfather would’ve created a fire storm on twitter! The plot of The Godfather Part II resembles that of a grand American classic. Not only is it lengthier than its predecessor, but its reach is also far wider. The…  
4103 young al pacino got pretty boy syndrome BAD 
4104  Hard to believe this didn't click with me previously. I liked it, but couldn't understand its reputation as the "best" Godfather film. Previously, the De Niro dominant scenes held little for me, whereas this time they were almost as engaging as the main storyline. De Niro subtly portrays his character in a way that makes it feel natural to associate young Vito with Brando Vito, and I was much more receptive to the role that these segments play thematically. That…  
4105 highly dissaponted that robert de niro was not in this films every second of screen time 
4106 ال باتشينو احسن واحد بيمثل بعينيه و معرفش ليه مخدش اوسكار عن دوره في The Godfather Part II! 
4107  O Padrinho: Parte II" (1974), realizado novamente por Francis Ford Coppola, é um filme de crime épico que continua a saga da família Corleone, expandindo ainda mais o universo apresentado no O Padrinho" (1972). Com uma estória que alterna entre duas linhas temporais, o filme mostra a ascensão de Vito Corleone interpretado por Robert De Niro como o poderoso chefe da máfia na Nova Iorque dos anos 20, e acompanha o seu filho Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) nos anos 50,…  
4108 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I think arguably this is just as good as the first one, every scene with Robert De Niro as young Vito Corleone were definitely the best part from the whole film besides the scene where Michael gives his brother the Sicilian kiss of death, part II 100% had better pacing because this didn’t feel like 3 hours and 20 minutes.  
4109 “This is the business we’ve chosen.”Every time I rewatch this the Clemenza-sized hole in the story feels more heartbreaking. 
4110 It’s an excellent movie and an astonishing sequel to my favorite movie of all time.Al Pacino and Robert De Niro are absolutely mesmerizing here. Unfortunately, I don’t think Michael’s storyline is all that interesting when compared to the first movie. 
4111 goede film maar niet beter dan de eerste 
4112 Of course I've gave it 5 stars! It's the god damn Godfather: Part II what the hell did you expect!This film slaps incredibly hard. 
4113 i'd do anything for michael corleone... not because he's a mafia boss but because of his eyes... i'm not arguing with a man with big brown sad eyes... whatever you say beautiful 
4114  The Greatest Film Ever Made: Part III’m speechless. No words would truly be enough to describe how much The Godfather means to me personally nor explain how good this film really is but I’ll attempt a brief review nevertheless.Coppola‘s use of the parallel action technique to simultaneously contrast Michael and Vito’s lives by switching between different time periods was masterfully executed and portrayed. The expert direction, Gordon Willis’s cinematography and Nino Rota’s engrossing score allowed the intercut narrative…  
4115 I’m so sorry I still think the first one is better but oh my god young Robert De Niro just give me a chance 
4116  Segunda parte, claramente continuista. Realmente es un segundo acto de la misma historia.Si en la primera pasaban muchísimas cosas, en esta pasan aún más, e incluso tiene tiempo para contar la historia de Vito Corleone, desde su infancia hasta el inicio de su imperio, interpretado por Robert De Niro.El nivel de la primera se mantiene, con una mayor complejidad argumental, expandiendo la historia y la influencia familiar, pero también desarrollando problemas internos que amenazan con destruir desde dentro…  
4117 It wasn’t until I had a look at the cast list after watching that I realized Michael V. Gazzo‘s wasn’t called Frank "Potentially" 🤪 
4118 97Immaculate style. Seamlessly intricate screenplay. Out of this world performances. Ruthless character study. What else could you need?“How do you say ‘banana daiquiri’?” 
4119  From Roger Ebert's original review (he would later re-review the film and increase his star rating while also affirming every word of the first one as still valid): "What we’re left with, then, are a lot of good scenes and good performances set in the midst of a mass of undisciplined material and handicapped by plot construction that prevents the story from ever really building."This was exactly how I felt watching the film for the first time as an…  
4120 amei os paralelos entre pai e filho mostrando as diferenças de cada um em lidar com os negócios da família. don corleone em sua trajetória manteve amigos e lealdade mas michael corleone foi temido por todos e se viu sozinho no final, até mesmo pela própria família, o que o seu pai, ao contrário dele, sempre colocou em primeiro lugar. que atuação esplêndida do al pacino e o robert deniro brilhou muito interpretando o don corleone jovem, não esperava menos deles. 
4121 I would say this here is evidence proving a sequel can also achieve top tier status 
4122 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   אני הולך לפרוק פה הרבה על החיים האישים שלי עם הקבלות מהסרט אז זה לא מעניין אותכם עדיף שתדלגו על הביקורת הזאת.אני מרגיש לפעמים כמו מייקל קורליאונה וזאת לא מחמאה ואני רואה בסרט הזה את הצדדים האפלים שלי באים לידי ביטוי בדמות שלו.בסרט אנחנו רואים איך הדברים שגרמו למייקל להצליח בסרט הראשון מתחזקים וגורמים להפלה שלו.שאני שאני כמו מייקל שאני מחושב וחכם אבל גם בן אדם מאוד קר אבל באותו זמן גם רגיש והקור רוח שאני משדר…   
4123 robert de niro and al pacino at their absolute sexiest not even kidding its just been me drooling all over myself for 3 hours and 22 minutes I love this movie 
4124 Fredo's death still hurts me, he really didn't deserve to die like that 
4125 This movie is 3 hours and 20 minutes and quite frankly, it isn’t long enough. 
4126 After a rewatch it is apparent that the first part is perfect and more compelling to watch. When I watched these both movies for the first time 10 years ago, GF2 kept me engaged and GF1 was hard to sit through. The scenario has reversed now. 
4127 The Coppoladjustments (😂) made to the restorations were amazing 
4128 Euclid’s axioms:1. There’s more than one acceptable way to eat an orange.2. The Academy did Al Pacino real dirty. How the hell does anyone not win for this performance?3. Diane Keaton is lovely.4. Robert De Niro looking so fine aging into Brando like fine wine.5. Masterclass in lighting and suspense. 
4129 Rewatch 🚨The best sequel of all time. 
4130 La mejor secuela en la historia del cine, una obra maestra.El Padrino nació bajo el nombre de Vito Andolini en el pueblo de Corleone, en Sicilia....En 1901 su padre fue asesinado por un insulto al jefe de la mafia local.... Su hermano Paolo juró vengarse y desapareció en las colinas, dejando a Vito como el único heredero varón para acompañar a su madre en el funeral...Él tenía 9 años.... 
4131  I think what happened here is they identified parts of the first movie that made it a hit and those happened to not be the parts I appreciated about it most. They did this sequel emphasizing things like the dark & brooding atmosphere, the intensity of Pacino's character and the allure of learning more about the borderline-mythical Brando character, but they did so at the expense of pace and intriguing plot. Putting two 90-minute movies together the way they did meant…  
4132 "Now can't you give me a straight answer anymore! Was it a boy?!"Its reputation preceded Godfather Part 3.Godfather < Godfather Part II < EA's Godfather II 
4133 Again, same as the first one I’m just so in love with the composition and editing! The traveling shots are so so good. The performances are phenomenal and I really liked that we saw a bit of the start of Vito’s life. Also, young Robert is so hot. Blessed. And Vito is one of the best characters ever 
4134  While The Godfather is like a warm embrace - welcoming you into the world of the Corleone family, The Godfather Pt. II, is like a stiff arm pushing you back away. Here you see that whatever small amount of good this whole enterprise started out to accomplish resulted in the loss of the very souls of everyone involved. Vito negotiating a poor widow’s rent down ten dollars eventually leads to his youngest son murdering another son. The sins of the…  
4135 There is nothing more important in this life than loyalty. Please don’t let your surroundings or anything else in this world cloud that. 
4136 Michael Corleone’s backstory was pretty great. as well as the rest of the movie, which was also pretty great. 
4137 intente prestarle la mayor atención posible pero la dupla de al pacino y robert de niro de los 70s me distraían que hombres por favor todaaaa 
4138  i listened to the commentary - usually when i listen to ffc’s commentary, i end up turning the commentary off and watching the film instead.  not that i don’t appreciate ffc’s insight, but that his films (certainly the great ones) always pull me back in.tbh, i don’t remember anymore if i ever finished the commentary prior to today.  a lot of the anecdotes that ffc noted were familiar to me…but then again, he does tend to repeat himself interview after…  
4139 (Me watching Michael literally and figuratively shut out his wife at the end of Part I) “I can fix him.”(The Godfather Part II, munching an orange with the skin still on it) “I can make him worse >:)”[Read my full review here.] 
4140 THE ENDING. that’s all i have to say. 
4141 Watching every Oscar best picture winner 46/92the people who say that this is the best sequel of all time have obviously not seen Paddington 2great film tho and the last two shots are perfect 
4142 vito corleone vs taking my breath away whenever i watch this 
4143  In interweaving the stories of Michael Corleone and his father Vito in the way it does, The Godfather: Part II makes for a striking example of world-building. Subtle devices like the transition shots of onrushing trains - taking us from one era to the next - is economically done and gives the film a seamless flow. The stories make for a striking juxtaposition, both in character and environment. Though admittedly, I was more invested in the De Niro flashbacks, not…  
4144 Better than the first. 
4145 me: i hate murderers al pacino & robert de niro in this movie:me: not you guys dw 😘 
4146 AFI’S 100 YEARS... 100 MOVIES - 10th ANNIVERSARY EDITION #32 - It really captures the soul of the first film and yet walks its own path. Just brilliant in every possible way. Don’t ever ask me which one is better. EVER. My Rearranging of the AFI Top 100… on going… 
4147 this film convinced me that at some point we crossed over into a reality where they forgot how to make movies. they don't make em like they used to at all! someone should teach hollywood that less is more and when you do more with less you do better! 
4148 Masterpiece. 
4149  I was kinda underwhelmed by this the first time around (probably about six years ago)—wow this blossomed.I’ll never stop loving the first Godfather, but upon rewatch, there were elements that felt a bit hammy and over-constructed. Maybe it’s because I’ve been overexposed to certain scenes (like Michael’s restaurant killing and the baptism montage), not sure. The sequel, on the other hand, has stone cold restraint. The sets are intimately crafted and bursting with life (i.e. Havana, old New York,…  
4150 Look these Godfather movies are great but I feel like I need to have a legend with me just to keep track of all the god damn names. Half the time I don't even know who they are talking about, but I guess that's why they run a mafia and I don't. 
4151 Same goes for part 2. I enjoyed watching it and it’s good. I just don’t have that much passion for it. 
4152  Michael is one big asshole, isn't he?I'm exhausted. Not because I was tired of the film, but because Gofather Part II is an exhausting journey. These movies are so well made that I wasn't bored at all for three and a half hours!The parallels between this and Part I were very clear to me, and were brilliantly executed as well. Both films show the rise of a Corleone, and the fall of another. In The Godfather, Vito's fall…  
4153 Proteggere la famiglia è la condotta degli insegnamenti del padre. 
4154 al pacino HOT: part two 
4155 Happy Birthday to Francis Ford Coppola, your wine is kind of terrible to be honest but it’s cool you made this mammoth. We didn’t even plan to watch this shit in honor of his birthday, it just happened to land on the same evening. Pacino's eyes are both the most sultry and scariest thing to ever exist on film. He gives a look of looks near the end of the movie that sends chills and thrills up and down my body. I’ll be in a cold sweat tonight thinking about that damn look on his face. 
4156 The Godfather: Part II - Sicilian Boogaloo. Essentialist filmmaking. Strips the first movie down to its centralized best working components and truly moves in on character development and a non-linear progression of a family’s history. Remarkable how perfectly it all works in concert. 
4157 "It's not easy being his son." 
4158 Michael’s timeline is a worthy sequel to the first and is equally amazing. It features some of Pacino’s best acting ever and giving more screen time to John Cazale is always a good idea. But, they could get rid of all of that and just have Vito’s timeline in olden days New York and I’d still love this movie. The sights, the sounds, the language, all of it is perfect. 
4159 Such a deeply emotional experience, one I wasn't expecting since I thought the first godfather was great but just that.Also, Harry Dean Stanton is in this, I always forget he's dead, it almost seems unreal. He has a very small part in this film but he still adds so much, he really was a legend. 
4160 no, they can't never make a film like this again. 
4161  THE GODFATHER, PART II, is often cited as the perfect example of a sequel that exceeded the original.  I fear that I can’t agree.  For me, the “perfect” example would be STAR TREK II: THE WRATH OF KHAN.      That is not to say that THE GODFATHER, PART II is not an excellent movie.  It is.  In fact, I think that the over arching theme is much stronger in the sequel.  But, the story just flowed in THE…  
4162 That one-two punch. Who’s done this before or after Coppola did it? Nobody. 
4163 Holy shit, why did I wait my entire life to finally watch these 
4164 the c-cinematorgraphy... young pacino and de niro.., my poor meat 
4165 The storytelling in this was truly poetic in the sense of its cinematic impact and acclaim. It was able to capture so much emotion within every character and convey their feelings perfectly. Seeing the contrast of Michael compared to his father set the whole tone and gave a lot to interpret about the whole film. The stunning visuals and cinematography was used brilliantly as a backdrop to divert away from the chaos happening all throughout. This is a masterpiece that still has yet to be topped in many of the areas it strived in. 
4166 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  hi guys, today my brother tried to kill me soo i’m starting a kickstarter to put him down ? the advantages of killing him is that i would get killed way less  
4167 if a cishet man says these are his favorite films you need to stay far away from him. these films are for gays only. 
4168 that al had to wait like 20 yrs for an oscar which was pretty much making up for not rewarding him for playing michael corleone......a crime 
4169 This was, at times, excruciatingly boring. I dislike this film as much as I love The Phantom Menace, and that’s a whole lot. The story was good, nothing special for 3+ hours, there was very little action and it definitely didn’t feel as important as the first one. At this rate I’ll hate part 3 but I gotta finish the trilogy. 
4170  The main reason why Godfathers I and II work so well is because they are both gripping dramas, populated with memorable characters and punctuated with superlative set-pieces. You don’t have to like or approve of any of these characters, of course, but you do have to *feel* something for them or, at least, be engaged by them. Coppola achieves this admirably.There are so many stand-out performances in The Godfather Part II but Robert DeNiro deserves particular praise for his,…  
4171  Immaculately made, brilliantly performed... truly top tier filmmaking... yet I couldn't help yearning for the original: a film in many ways simpler and smaller, yet so much more interesting as a singular character study over one specific, narrower story. I don't even know if it's even connected to the larger scale and concurrent timelines of this one - they're necessary and absolutely vital - but something was lost somewhere. Maybe just the intimacy. The father/son bond of the original, Brando's…  
4172  Included In Lists:Sight and Sound Top 250 - #31This film is a sequel to one of the most celebrated films of the 70's. A lot of people would give this full marks but I for one did not think this held up along with the first film. I think maybe Chinatown or The Conversation should have maybe won the Academy Award for Best Picture.This film is a continuation of Michael Corleone's position as the Don and detailing…  
4173  ¨Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.¨Coppola´s (or should I say Puzo`s) The Godfather Part II is considered by many as the best sequel of all time, and some even consider it to be better than the original. In my opinion it is not as good as the first part, but there is no denying this is a great film nonetheless. Coppola did a great job with the direction once again, and has created a timeless film that…  
4174 Sitting down with the blu-rays, I can confidently say this is better than Part I. Every single frame is brimming with detail. Mind-boggling this came out the same year as The Conversation. 
4175 Cinema. 
4176  Vi ne razumete, ja sam ovo gledala pre dva meseca i dva meseca svakog dana ja bar jednom dnevno razmišljam o sceni u kojoj Kej saopštava Majklu da je abortirala njegovo *muško* dete i o trenutku kada on iskolači oči. Kako Al Paćino nikada nije dobio Oskara za ulogu Majkla ja zaista ne razumem, samo ta jedna sekunda ga zavređuje, kamoli ostatak njegovog performansa u oba Kuma (pa i trećem). Nisam ovoliko bila opsednuta nekim filmom godinama. Znate ono kad tek…  
4177 definitivamente mais interessante que o primeiro – e sei o quão raro isso acontece em trilogias. confesso que fiquei mais envolvida em acompanhar o vito corleone mais jovem do que michael corleone na “atualidade”, mas ambas histórias conseguem ser interessantes. me tremi >naquela< cena entre a kay e o michael, al pacino mais uma vez provando sua atuação impecável 
4178  tipo assim escola shrek de sequência francis foi gigante dnv aqui imagina fazer a sequencia nivel original tem q ser mt pai do cinema viu al pacino gooooooostoso chega se tremi com ele de niro meio feinho aqui ne acabadinho mas amamos ele tbm o feio bonito pai gostei dms desse manos enrolei mt hj p ver pausava continuava repetidamente mas eu gostei dms viu so um problema fiquei todo confuso com os negocios chamemos assim desse o primeiro ate…  
4179 good but everybody knows kung fu panda 2 is a better sequel 
4180 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Honestly I'm not the biggest fan of the original godfather. I like watching it but i don't love it as much like other people. Though Part II is simply legendary it's both a prequel and sequel.We watch Michael lose his damn mind and Vito Corleone start his empire the fall and rise.The corruption of power/watching a man lose his own self When Vito starts his business he has literally nothing, his brother, mother and father are all dead. He…   
4181  O PODEROSO CHEFÃO PART IITentei re-assistir para  observar se a nota aumentava,  mas ainda não foi o suficiente O filme narra duas histórias diferentes, na linha do tempo no passado, conhecemos a história e ascensão de Don Vito Corleone, por outro lado, assistimos Don Michael Corleone, que sofreu uma tentativa de assassinato e age para se vingar de seu misterioso inimigo. Em relação ao filme anterior, vemos um filme muito focado no drama, na construção do personagem do Michael,…  
4182 the unreplaceable magic of film bringing together the life of father & son at parallels, one building everything that the other would destroy, both standing at the same point in life, one makes all the right decisions and the other, all the wrong. a tragedy that unfolds over an epic runtime that you never really feel, might not hit the highs of the first film but it's possibly the most tragic film I've ever seen 
4183 Perfect way to spend 3 hours of my life 
4184  My father told me to keep my friends close, but my enemies closer.I was not expecting The Godfather to be topped, but holy shit… somehow it was. Everything in this movie just feels like it was a step up in quality and the story is more thorough. I love the flashbacks and how much depth they add to the story and HOLY FUCK THATS ROBERT DENIRO. Even without Marlon Brando, the cast is still held together so well by…  
4185 i didnt watch this im just a hater 
4186 vito corleone vs. de-aged irishman no guns, knives and belts only or brass knuckles in front of the fruit monger fight to the death or unconsciousness winner takes allNormally I would give this 4 stars, but I found Michael so insufferable as a character that I was DONE with him by the end. depressing as hell ending, POS person.Still my favorite De Niro performance. what a revelation his scenes are. Coppola is a genius. "herrherr why 3 stars" shut up and listen to the episode. 
4187 young al pacino... they don't make actors like that anymore 
4188 I preferred part one personally, but this is still a masterpiece nonetheless. 9.5/10 
4189 The power Robert De Niro and Al Pachino holds in one movie 
4190 SHAME ON ME FOR WATCHING THIS FOR THE FIRST TIME IN 2020 
4191 robert deniro handsome 
4192  🏆100%1970s RANKEDBEST PICTURE WINNERS RANKEDIt’s really hard to do a write up on a film this good because everything about it is just perfect, but I’ll try anyways. After watching The Godfather last weekend, I was very excited to check out the 2nd one because the first was a masterpiece and a lot of people thought the 2nd was even better. So wow I saw it last night and it was just phenomenal. It’s still kind of…  
4193 How are these films so slick? 
4194 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Poor Fredo  
4195 I've made fun of the Academy before, but I must say that they got it right in regards to this film's cinematography. I'm glad they ignored this and its predecessor's utterly pedestrian image-making in favor of some more deserving films. Because while this film's cinematography will be utterly forgotten by time, the images of that year's Best Cinematography winner, The Towering Inferno, will live forever. 
4196 I watched The Godfather eight years ago for the first time. I've put off viewing the sequel since, but I think I've watched it at the perfect time for me. Rarely has a film kept me so engrossed, let alone one with a three and a half hour runtime. I always felt like I was missing something with Part I. It's undeniably a great film but I can't connect with it and I feel the pacing is off. Part II is an improvement in nearly all regards. One of the greatest cinematic pieces I've seen. 
4197  “I know it was you Fredo, you broke my heart”What better way to see this absolute masterpiece for the 1st time then seeing it on the big screen for its 50th Anniversary. With the 1st film being one of the most perfect films of all time, I can’t believe I’m saying this was even better. Arguably the greatest sequel ever made. No not even arguably, guaranteed the best sequel ever madeIt’s almost incomprehensible how Coppola managed to transport you…  
4198 gonna rate this on a rewatch. my ass was too distracted grinding doodlejump 
4199  Going to see "Barbie" yesterday reminded me that my wife Robin had never seen THE GODFATHER PART II. I couldn't wait to show it to her and tell her what she thought of it. This was the first time I had watched this start to finish in many years. Usually I stumble upon it roughly halfway through and have to stay with it until the end. I do believe that the original "The Godfather" is a string of iconic scenes,…  
4200 Love how the Godfather films double as the best Bugsy Siegel/Meyer Lansky biopics out there. This thing moves so well for 3:20; the first hour in particular absolutely flies by.It’s so insane that Coppola made his masterpiece(s) his early 30s; most every other legendary director–Spielberg, Scorsese, Wilder, Kubrick–didn’t attain theirs until their 40s. So excited we're getting a new Francis Ford Coppola movie this year; sometimes our timeline isn’t so bad. 
4201 ammi’s choice okay firstly, what an intense day i am EXHAUSTED!! this was a very strong sequel, ever so slightly better than the first one but i still think my rating is accurate.i did enjoy the flashback scenes, however, because none of the italian was translated i had no idea what was going on. just had to assume really but i think we managed to worked it out.al pacino delivered one of the greatest performances probably of all time. also i’m jealous of the orange?? i really enjoyed the final scene of the family, just seeing the dynamic again was great and cleverly done! 
4202  “IN MY HOUSE!IN MY BEDROOM WHERE MY WIFE SLEEPS!🎶🎵🎶🎵Where my children come to play with their toys.🎶🎵🎶🎵”The musical way Pacino says that last sentence—as if, in this moment, he’s reciting a single lyric of poetry—is one of my favorite line deliveries in any movie. He shouts those first words in that piercing high register he’s so well known for (“IN MY HOUSE!”), but then finishes so softly, so buoyantly with, “Where my children come to play…  
4203  Just watched "The Godfather Part II" for the first time, and it was absolutely incredible! Even though it was fantastic, I still have a soft spot for the first movie. For me, the connection I felt with the characters in "The Godfather" made a huge impact and probably contributed a lot to why "The Godfather Part II" is such a classic.It's hard to find the right words to explain how amazing this movie was. But seriously, it was a…  
4204  "I know it was you, Fredo, you broke my heart"It took me two months, but I completed it.I had very high hopes. For some reason, I had a suspicion I would like it more than the first. However, I was wrong, but does that mean the film was bad?Absolutely not.It's a true masterpiece. Is it missing Marlon Brando? At times, but De Niro is an excellent young Vito.Al Pacino is brilliant in this film. He…  
4205 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Did Michael choose this life? Or did it make him an offer he couldn’t refuse??  
4206 mis papas todos los días se ponían a ver la primera película y me la se de memoria…. pero esta está muchísimo mejor!!!!!!! 
4207 כן הוא חמוד ומתחיל איתי באינסטגרםאבל הוא לא הבן הצעיר וראש משפחת מאפיה סיציליאנית בניו יורק בשנות ה50 🥱 
4208  nossa, a primeira hora dessa segunda parte é incrível. somos apresentados ao vito corleone pelas mãos de De Niro que mantém todo o mistério da ascensão da família corleone, mas em ressalva o filme não desenvolveu de maneira que me deixasse preso na narrativa, onde haviam momentos de puro roteiro e logo ia se intercalando com o passado, algo que me deixava confuso... enfim, tem seus momentos, talvez os que mais curti foram os que De Niro estava em cena,…  
4209 When I die, put a 4K copy of The Godfather Part II in my coffin with me. 
4210 wow what a movie !!! i’m so glad sicilians aren’t real that would be horrifying this post is sponsored by rome, shoutout to all the stray dogs in anguillara, i miss you everyday Boss and friends :( my mom spent the whole beginning talking about how my nonno experienced the same things when he moved to america this is literally about my family i’m gonna suealso shoutout to that one priest my nonno knew who “left” the mob to become a priest and avoid persecution, idk what he did but it’s probably better this way 
4211 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather: Part II is not equal to Part I. It surpasses it.It's simpler than the 200-minute running time might lead you to believe (as it made me think), but it still leaves the same feelings as the first. The two parts form a very dense but interesting duo.Much of what gives Part I its cult value applies here, with a few exceptions. The script and picture once again are impeccable. Even more detailed than its predecessor, the…   
4212 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  What a Great Sequel.Pacing : 8.5/10Story : 9/10Cinematography : 8/10Plot : 9/10Overall Rating 10/10  
4213 keep 'em alivewe'll tryROCCO! ALIVE!chills 
4214 top tier sequel fr. it even got better than the first watch, for me. 
4215 Michael Corleone manifests a strong propensity toward wanting to “go legitimate” and works hard toward making his family’s business respectable, but it is a long-term plan that requires so many short-term actions of pure evil that he winds up losing everything in his single-minded mission to save everything. Al Pacino has turned the doomed capitalist into an art form. 
4216 literal porn 
4217 Consegue alcançar o mesmo nível de excelência do primeiro! Toda a trama que envolve Michael e Fredo é emocionalmente intensa e pesada. Ainda mais pelo amargo desfecho dessa história."Você partiu o meu coração, Fredo" - esse talvez seja o momento mais icônico de toda a trilogia. Nesse segundo filme vemos Michael Corleone muito mais aprofundando em suas próprias trevas. Brilhante também a ideia de nos mostrar a trajetória de Vito desde a infância até a fase adulta. Todo o paralelo entre a história dele com a de Michael é tocante, enquanto um construiu toda uma família, o outro a destruiu. 
4218 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   There are two distinct moments that really strike a chord. When Michael Corleone tells Tom Hagen that they are brothers and he's the only one he can trust and Michael realizing Fredo betrayed him by inadvertently admitting he actually did know Johnny Ola. Pacino in both scenes, and when Michael anticipates being assassinated, telling Fredo at a cafe table, the two reunited in Cuba, is simply a made actor. No melodramatics, just intense emotional quiet, smoldering and right there in…   
4219 Simply one of the best sequels ever made. 
4220 This will probably always be the greatest sequel ever made.That final dinner scene is honestly one of the best things I have ever seen, it shows so much with so little, gives so much depth and understanding of the story and characters.Speaking of the characters, I’ve gotten to the point where I’ve watched these films so much they’re comfort films at this point. Just seeing them eating dinner makes me happy 
4221  Um ehrlich zu sein, mochte ich den Film nicht mehr so richtig. Hatte halt seine Momente aber ni hat so viele und gute wie in Part 1. Leider gab es mehr geschreie als Schüsse zu sehen, hätte gerne mehr Morde gesehen. Die Story habe ich jetzt nicht richtig verstanden, könnte wieder Mal an mir liegen... Aber man muss ja ni hat alles bemängeln sonst hätte man 0.5 Sterne gegeben. Mir hat das neue Verhalten von Al Piccino sehr gefallen. In…  
4222  I think the first one feels better, but this is still great! An epic dramatic mafia movie, I love how every conversation in this film talked very deeply.Al Pacino as Michael Corleone definitely is an iconic since the first movie. Kharisma Al Pacino emang paling keliatan sih di film ini dibandingkan tokoh-tokoh yang lain.Very dramatic. Yup, dramanya bener-bener kerasa banget sih, masih sama kayak film pertamanya, slowly burn!Sekuel ini memang dirasa sebagai pelengkap film pertama, selain melanjutkan…  
4223 1000th review yey!Damn, the contrast between the two timelines makes me more sad.And I also couldn't believe that Al Pacino didn't win an Oscar with his performance. And John Cazale was not even nominated. What a tragedy.96/100 
4224  Es ist maximal beeindruckend, mit was für einer Selbstverständlichkeit Coppola den in Teil 1 noch so sorgfältig aufgebauten Pathos dekonstruiert. Man kann dieses Unterfangen ohne zu übertreiben als tollkühn bezeichnen. "Ein Mann, der keine Zeit mit seiner Familie verbringt, ist kein richtiger Mann", "Lasse nie jemanden außerhalb der Familie wissen, was du wirklich denkst" etc. Die Zitate aus dem Vorgänger sind ebenso bekannt wie zahlreich.Während die Blut-ist-dicker-als-Wasser-Mentalität nicht selten beinahe ins Kitschige abzurutschen drohte und damit ein ultra romantisiertes…  
4225 I may have liked the first movie a little more the second time around, but Robert De Niro really impressed me... again! 
4226  Mantén cerca a tus amigos, pero mantén aún más cerca a tus enemigos.Una de las mejores películas que haya visto.The Godfather Part II sigue las historias paralelas de Vito y Michael Corleone. Conocemos el pasado del Don que Marlon Brando había interpretado en la primera parte, y al mismo tiempo vemos las grandes diferencias entre el padre y el hijo: uno hace todo por su familia, el otro, en el intento de ser fuerte por su familia, la…  
4227 here’s how al pacino can still get an oscar for this 
4228 Gordon Willis went to places light could not go to make this look so good 
4229 Okay I guess... Nah, it's sensational! 
4230 الريواتش رقم مليون لأعظم سيكول صُنع في تاريخ السينما  
4231 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Fredo is just one big heartbreaking facepalm in this film 💔  
4232 I can't really say weather this is my favourite film of all time or not because it simply exceeds any other film I've ever seen. On the other hand it cannot stand alone, the first is essential to this film, but this is an essential part to the first. They work perfectly together. I don't think I need to explain why I love this film, it's infinitely exceptional in every aspect. The ending of this film is the most perfect scene in cinema. It literally does not get better than that. 
4233 Tired: Watching The Godfather: Part II because it's considered one of the greatest films of all time.Wired: Watching The Godfather: Part II out of thirst for Robert De Niro and Al Pacino 
4234  The Godfather told the story of a powerful crime family and the passing down of its legacy. Part 2 chronicles the path towards full legitimisation and the challenges that come with existing in an increasingly capitalist world. Relations are strained, deals are broken and nothing is ever as straightforward as it seems. Different times call for different, more radical measures. We follow the continuation of Michael's story from where part 1 left off, while also taking a look back into…  
4235 you know Michaels turned to the dark side the moment he started eating an orange with the peel still on 😰 
4236  A visually stunning picture with a dual-narrative and superlative score, The Godfather Part II is definitely one of the best films ever made. I find that the first installment is my preference though after seeing them back to back. Part II certainly has a larger scope. I found myself more interested in the Vito Corleone storyline than Michael’s. Michael’s storyline starts to build on Shakespearean cliches. Court rooms, betrayal, family turmoil, and lots of dialogue. Another subtle difference is the…  
4237  ”if anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, is that you can kill anyone” The Godfather II is the best sequel I’ve ever seen. There are so many good quotes and scenes particularly in this film. In the first hour of the movie, I was kind of bored and my attention wasn’t super big. But in the upcoming 2h and 30min I would be witnessing some of the best things of cinema history. The last…  
4238  A masterpiece. I enjoyed this a lot more than the first (first one is still a masterpiece though) The performances are incredible and entertained me from beggining to end. I love how we get to see the backstory of Vito Corleone and how he went from nothing to a crime boss. Not one of my favourite movies but ill have to think about it as There will be blood wasn't but it was a 9.8 but thought over it and…  
4239  Al Pacino’s performance is the best I’ve ever watched and might ever. His facial expressions, both calm and angry, capture the cold-heartedness of Michael perfectly. You never really know what he’s thinking because of that. The progression of Michael as a character makes you feel so drained and empty inside by the end. I think where it excels at compared to the first is the emotion, the family drama gets way more serious and there are 2 specific scenes that…  
4240 Ate some Italian food and watched this with my family. Having to pause the movie every 30 mins to explain what was happening to my mother, and my grandmother constantly spoiling twists because she read the book, kinda ruined the pacing, but besides that it was good. 
4241 Man, I am so pissed at myself not re-watching this as frequently as the first one. There's a lot to say about this but what seriously blew me away this time around was the acting, *that* scene between Pacino and Keaton is probably their best work. S+ cinema. 
4242 al pacino and robert de niro being sexy for 3.5 hours while a beautiful score plays IS free therapy actually 
4243  "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."This film is the definition of tying up loose ends. While I have always preferred the first film, I certainly cannot deny that this ambitious 202min sequel is far grander and well developed narratively—FFC the madlad managing to match and at times surpass what already was one of the best films in cinematic history. This is essentially two films in one, perfectly blended together to tell a sweeping story of immigration, the…  
4244 Ultimately moodier and more emotionally refined than the first one. Were it not too leisurely paced and stretched out for as long as it is, this would be the best of the trilogy. 
4245 Film of my '1000 films to watch before you die' postera 1/2 star more because of 🥵🥵young robert de niro🥵🥵 
4246 Give me all the “Italians just fucking vibing for 3 hours” you guys have. 
4247 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   michael when he finds out fredo betrayed him..... how he's just stunned and all he can do is rest his face in his hand..... michael's kiss and "i know it was you fredo......" it makes me want to cry it's so well done and so emotionally effecting. probably the most upset i've ever been at a betrayal in a film. john cazale is just so charming and likable in this. when the gun shot ricochets across the lake, you can't…   
4248 When I saw Harry Dean Stanton I went oooohhh ahhhh 
4249 i believe in young al pacino and robert de niro supremacy 
4250 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Consideré bajarle media estrella porque los flashbacks de Vito me parecieron muy lentos (pero súper necesarios, de hecho, los necesitaba para conocer más el background de la familia Corleone), pero la verdad es que el resto es impecable.Esta película fue básicamente el camino de Michael, con todas las dificultades que se le pusieron, lo vemos en casi todos los estados, porque el Michael naïve que vimos en la primera ya cambió, maduró bajo nuestra atenta mirada.Y es genial,…   
4251 There we go, much more aesthetically sound. And I just thought this was way better than the first. 
4252 Rewatching this made me appreciate this film even more. I already knew it was a masterpiece but now I realise how challenging this film was to make. To have two storylines playing simultaneously and both be equally as interesting is quite incredible and no film does it better than this one. The directly contrasting stories of Michael and Vito give this film an extra depth over the first one for me. It may be unpopular but for me Part 2 edges Part 1 because of this, although both films are deserving of their reputation as undebatable masterpieces of American cinema. 
4253  While we all agree that the first film in this franchise is and will always be a magnificent piece of cinema in all its entirety, this second feature precedes the realms of sequels and prequels to a whole new ambitious level, something that is completely on a league of its own and can withstand the test of time. It’s that good. This film unravelled what a true acting prowess Al Pacino is, delving extensively into his character’s fall from grace,…  
4254  A masterful sequel that is every bit the equal to its predecessor, Part II of the Corleone saga is an even denser and more complex proposition than Part I, continuing the story thread of Michael's attempts to take the family business in a legitimate direction but very much laying bare just how much the story is really about the darker underbelly of the American dream.1974 was one hell of a year for Coppola what with this and The Conversation,…  
4255 Al Pacino ? More like Al Paci-yes. 
4256 I only knew a pivotal line in this movie due to its use in Billy Madison. 
4257 not as good as the first one but it is a great sequel to a good movie 
4258 Continuar uma obra perfeita é realmente difícil, mas Coppola conseguiu, “Poderoso chefão parte II” é um filme brilhante, que consegue ir além e aprofundar com total segurança a sua história, com uma fotografia sublime, os elementos de tela as características dos personagens, os figurantes, tudo contrasta e enriquece com a cena, e a trilha sonora é algo magnifico, todo elenco merece ressalvas, mas a performance icônica do Al Pacino é algo inesquecível, realmente uma obra-prima inabalável. 
4259  There are a million things I could comment about how this film is the best one in the trilogy, but right now I just want to express how perfect the whole Cuba sequence is. It illustrates perfectly the way the powerful men, criminal or otherwise, of the United States, look at it, and at all of Latin America. They want us to be their little orchard/vacation resort, and sadly there is always a Batista or a Bolsonaro who will happily…  
4260 I guess you can say I’m a “fan” of “cinema” 👻 
4261 Now I’ll just pee in this movie :X I AM SOOOOOO SORRY 
4262 Despite its lack of Brando, I can’t decide on whether or not it’s better than the first.Pacino is just as great, the plot is as complex and the overall craftsmanship of it is amazing. Just a great sequel and possibly the greatest double feature. 
4263 HOLY FUCKING SHIT I’M IN LOVE 
4264 My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.#12 of BFI’s top 100 films of all time 
4265  A messy film. It still holds the same beautiful visuals and performances of the original, with the broad, expansive sweeping narrative, but it ultimately feels trapped by the story it wants to tell.This feels like two pretty interesting films sewn into one. A prequel, about Vito Corleone and his reluctant early rise. And a sequel about what comes next for Michael Corleone. But the Michael story has little connectivity. It's a series of vignettes or interesting scenes bookended by…  
4266 "I don't want anything to happen to him while my mother is alive" damn that was stone cold 
4267  The first Godfather, the one that started it all, is a masterpiece in every single way. It's almost magical, as if a kind grandfather is telling you a bedtime story, only that story is full of bloodshed and tears.Here, in what is widely considered the best sequel of all-time and one of the finest movies ever made, we get 2 stories, one about Vito Corleone's early days in America, and Michael's story about his struggles in the family business.…  
4268 I never would have thought DeNiro would work as Vito Corleone, but fucking damn it, he crushed it to pieces. While no one can ever top Brando in the part, DeNiro definitely did the character justice, and the flashback-scenes were for me the absolute highlights, in an otherwise amazing movie. 
4269  "If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill anyone."It's become a bit of a cliche at this point to say THE GODFATHER: PART II is one of the greatest sequels ever made. However, living in this current age of Hollywood franchises with endless sequels rehashing the same story into the ground, this film still stands strong. It really does feel like an organic continuation of the first film, so…  
4270 While I still prefer its predecessor, "The Godfather Part II" is a beautifully crafted piece of filmmaking with brilliant direction, complex writing, and nuanced performances. This film is even more dense than the first one, yet it's always engaging. 
4271  A stirring continuation of the Corleone family started in the 1972 original, Godfather part two follows Vito Corleone's (DeNiro) rise to power along with Michael's(Pacino)descent into the dark mob world mentality and may actually be better than the original that is so iconic in its own right. Gordon Willis's cinematography is breathtaking and the music from Nino Rota just breaths life into every scene, but the power of Pacino's performance is the driving force of the film and his essence…  
4272 this shit? 
4273  A powerful sequel that stands up to its iconic predecessor with its inventive storytelling and darker content.As seemingly impossible as it was to follow up one of the greatest films ever made, Coppola does that and some more. With a complex screenplay that juggles the past and the present and tells the story of Vito Corleone's rise to power intertwined with Michael's fall from grace, The Godfather Part II is a more challenging watch, to be fair.It starts…  
4274 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather: Part II is my all time favourite film. The idea of reviewing it is daunting to me, how can I do this monumental piece of work justice with mere words? How can I review this movie without reviewing the first part? I should probably start with a recap. The Godfather revolves around the Corleone family, a powerful Mafia family set-up in New York. The family is headed up by The Godfather 'Don' Vito Corleone who has three sons…   
4275  Encore un chef d’œuvre signé Francis Ford Coppola, une suite parfaite qui est tout aussi bien que le 1er. Je trouve que le développement des personnages est encore plus poussés (même si y a moins de moment iconique que le 1). Le 2 est bien plus sombre que le 1 sur ses thèmes abordées. J’ai trouvé ça très fort avec Michael et sa femme. Le flashback de Vito était incroyable, ça donne tellement plus d’épaisseur au personnage. Il a toujours…  
4276  The Godfather: Part II is notably one of the most iconic projects and deemed by many as the “best film of all time”. That being said, I was ultimately so disappointed by this on many levels.The pacing of this film was so atrocious and I’ve seen a handful of my mutuals say the same thing which makes me feel a bit better. This dragged so incredibly hard and at times I wanted to just turn it off. I mean,…  
4277 “the corleone family is LIKE the roman empire” ???it IS my roman empire 
4278 Without a doubt, my biggest wish for 2024 is that Megalopolis turns out to be great. I need at least one certified Coppola banger released in my lifetime. 
4279 Among the very best-looking movies ever made by an American studio, though it narratively falters slightly compared to the original. The De Niro half is solid gold and as great as anything in the first, but Pacino’s sections feel a little more meandering and unwieldy, which makes the overall endeavor feel less cohesive than the original. And it’s a shame that Marlon Brando, James Caan, and so many of the supporting players from the first were narratively required to leave a gaping hole in this one, as their absence makes the atmosphere feel lonelier and emptier, which I suppose is fitting. 
4280 Gasps during Kay’s reveal especially Graces are why I love movies as a communal experience. Packed house for the best sequel ever. I know it was you Fredo will never not be an all time line delivery. 
4281 why did michael corleone eat the orange that way? 
4282  Finally watched this.I’ll admit I don’t have a ton to say about it that hasn’t been said already other than that I do prefer the first over it. This is fantastic film but I do think it lacks in some of its pacing. It’s 3 and a half hours long and I do think it could’ve been shortened a tad. I also feel that the Robert De Niro plot line was not as interesting as the Al Pacino one,…  
4283 I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!Happy new year! 
4284  Wow. Blown away by the rewatch. I think the first time I watched this I was caught up in the thick plot, which follows two storylines and is a great deal heavier than the first, that I was unable to fully appreciate Part II for what it is.Part II is a masterclass in filmmaking. The score, acting, cinematography, storyline. Everything is rich and full. This is decadent, yet depressing filmmaking at its very finest.I was impressed most by…  
4285 Oh. That’s a nice pear I guess. 
4286  If The Godfather was about how the pursuit of power would corrupt you (and I'm not sure it is, as it ain't like Michael started out with nothing like his old man, but that's an argument for another time, when I haven't been drinking since the first frame of the first flick), then The Godfather Part II asks what you horrors you would do to keep it once you have it. It's there from the beginning, where Don Ciccio is…  
4287 Il y a des films tristes et puis il y a le parrain I et II 
4288 Impressed but also depressed. 
4289 The Francis Ford Coppola Filmography Frontier: Film #8The final flashback is one of the most emotionally rewarding final scenes in cinema. The penultimate stage of Michael Corleone’s evolution as a character, beautiful in how tragic it is.Also…it’s better than the first film 
4290 lana del rey- salvatore (slowed & reverb) 
4291 this movie hit all of my needs for movies that address toxic masculinity and men not being able to address their feelingsalso young robert de niro i have feelings for you 
4292 Libtards back at it again with their Italian propaganda. Fuck outa here this is not worth any hardworking blue collar Americans time. Put this movie onto my tire fire along with any movie that isn’t Captain Underpants. Fuck you obama 
4293  “If history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.”Legitimately glad I watched The Conformist before finally getting around to this, since so much of this feels like Coppola riffing on Bertolucci’s work, this time turning its deconstructive lens from the classic spy film to the American gangster movie. This brilliantly strips away all the pomp and history of the original Godfather’s depiction of mob life, reducing it to scared, aging men meeting in back rooms and…  
4294  “My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.” For my 400th film on Letterboxd, rather then sit through another meaningless film and waste two hours of my life, I wanted to tackle the beast and train the dragon by watching the greatest sequel in history, The Godfather Part II. Boy did I make the right call. Even though it was so close, yet…  
4295 READ HEREboxd.it/gSozrThe plot twist is DEVASTATING. 
4296 I'll lay it out simple:The Godfather: Part II is the finest Mafia film. Ever.100/100 
4297 I don't know what it is.I certainly appreciate the scope and quality of the storytelling in these movies, but I can just never seem to connect with them on an emotional level. They're drier than the Antarctic desert to me. It's in the characters, or the writing, or something, but I can't pin it down. It just doesn't click for me.And you know what? I'm not ashamed to feel this way about these movies. I am what I am. 
4298 Gun to my head I go Part I. I hope that gun ain't loaded though because it's one of the toughest calls there is.One of the greatest looking films of all time, no question. The De Niro part looks unreal. I wish he got a little more screen time but other than that I have no complaints. 200 minutes fly by in an hour. It's incredible. 
4299 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "Fredo, You're Nothing To Me Now. You're Not A Brother, You're Not A Friend."The Godfather 2 is a sequel that is legitimately equally as masterful as its predecessor. While I’ll most likely always have the first one right above it, you could argue choosing between the two is like parents picking their favorite child. Great Mob movies tend to leave a significant impact on me as they are a genre I find myself so engrossed in and it all…   
4300 i changed my mind after a rewatch, this film is on par with the original, i still think the og is better but this one is by far not a 3/5, Robert De niro for me is the stand out as Vito Corleone in this film, every time he’s in screen he keeps me hooked, he perfected the mannerisms of Marlon Brandos’ Vito Corleone. 
4301 i know it was you, fredo. you broke my heart. you broke my heart. 
4302 i still love being sicilian but let’s talk about young deniro… 
4303 been feeling like absolute shit with this cold the last 2 days, but i think this movie may be better than the first time i watched this, but idk i still prefer the first over pt 2 which i know isn’t a controversial take, but al pacino is just incredible in this 
4304 happy new year my american friends!!!!!!! may you have vito’s confidence… kay’s sense of fashion… michael’s audacity… and fredo’s lust for life ❤️ 
4305 unpopular opinion: the godfather > the godfather part 2the godfather (1972), to me at least, was the story of an innocent boy turning corrupt and into the person he swore not to be. the godfather part 2 (1974) felt like world building, which, for some of the movie would be great but then we need an exciting plot. the plot of this was enjoyable but it did not hold my interest for the entire runtime. therefore, the godfather part 2 is, in my opinion, the inferior godfather movie. 
4306 Personally I prefer part 1, but damn what movie. 
4307 I still give the nod to the first, which didn't have to juggle all that was left from the book with a new story (both still very good!), but this also benefits from 200 percent even more Pacino, 300 percent more Cazale, and nthousand percent more Robert De Niro and Harry Dean Stanton. The zoom-in on that Lake Tahoe motorboat as a prayer is said for the last shred of Michael Corleone's soul is my favorite scene from either. 
4308 I'm glad, that I finally watched these two films, even when this second part was a bit harder to endure, just because of its length. However, I enjoyed every scene of it, especially the De Niro timeline but also Pacino gave a brilliant performance again. Still, the first part seemed to be a little smoother in my eyes.My Untouchables 
4309 Es una gran película, eso no lo voy a poner en duda pero disfruté mucho más la primera parte 
4310 9.4/10This second film is very good, but for me the first film is still a little above this. I liked the part when Vito Corleone was young. Very interesting and Robert De Niro's acting is amazing. The whole film is very good, the acting of each actor is very good and of course Al Pacino managed to play his role well. 
4311  So I finally got around to watching it!!!I didn’t love it as much as part one but that might be to do with seeing pt 1 at the cinema and this one on my laptop. Perhaps my rating would be higher if i saw it at the cinema as it certainly helps me concentrate more, and i hope to rewatch it there some day.Robert De Niro is fantastic. I had no idea he doesn’t even speak english in…  
4312 Michael Corleone goes sicko mode (he hits his wife).93/100 
4313 “oh my god he looks handsome” woman next to me at full volume during the scene when Michael closes the door in Kay’s face 
4314 My godI get it now 
4315 The Godfather: Part II has duplicate elements from the first part + redundant subplot with Robert De Niro, but fortunately the whole thing is more focused on Michael's relationships with family members — that is the essence of this part. 
4316 this was literally a masterpiece and al pacino and robert de niro where fine as fuck 
4317 "Why didn't we spend time like this before?"So Al Pacino as Michael Corleone has to be one of the greatest lead performances ever put to film right? Right?!?There's a great tragedy to the character and Pacino's dead-behind-the-eyes performance REALLY works wonders to help us feel the weight of that - dude is just phenomenal...I'm not yet comfortable in saying it's better than the first, but I get it... truly as good as a sequel can get. Those final few shots in particular... *bellissimo* 
4318 “i know it was you fredo, you broke my heart, you broke my heart”o grande ponto alto desse aqui é a história do vito corleone, mas o enredo do michael é sensacional também 
4319 Overrated. Soooo slow I could feel life as we know it waning into nothingness. Small dick energy for days. Just like the first movie THERE IS NO REASON FOR IT TO BE 3 HOURS AND 20 MINUTES LONG!! FUCKING HELL. 
4320 Dois anos depois do primeiro, Francis Ford Coppola lança a continuação O Poderoso Chefão Parte 2 que pra muitos supera o original, outros que se mantém no mesmo nível de qualidade, mas o que importa é que ele é uma obra prima por completo, com isso, vemos aqui uma história poderosa, com atuações maravilhosas, fazendo desse aqui mais um filme obrigatório e um grande clássico do cinema..Nota:10/10 
4321 the secret history of the united states 
4322 No dunkaccino 😔 
4323  Not as good as the first in my opinion, but this movie has something the first one doesn’t: DeNiro. Simply put, Don Vito’s origin on screen is what carries this film. To this film’s credit, the present-time events of the movie are incredibly intense and volatile, and the film in general is more multilayered and subtextual than the first. However, I think there are an abundance of memorable and climactic scenes in the first movie that you don’t really get…  
4324 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  came here only to gloat. my parents have seen this 50 times and on a first watch tn I caught the orange symbolism. merry chrysler!  
4325  The story picks up a few years after the point at which the first part ends. Michael (Al Pacino) is a feared and respected Don, who tries to follow in his father's footsteps and make the family business come out of hiding and become legal. For this, his efforts are focused on conquering the east coast of the USA, abandoning smuggling and controlling Las Vegas casinos once and for all. In parallel to Michael's narrative, we have the origin of…  
4326  Godfather part 2 absolute masterpiece Some people say this is better than the first godfather but I Disagree this movie has better directing and story telling but Marlon Brandos performance in the first make it number 1 for me but this is still fantastic Obviously the acting is superb and Al pachino constantly shows why he’s one of the best and same goes to Robert di Niro I loved the story line of a young Vito I found that more…  
4327  you know a film is old when it has an intermission…..anyway, al pacino brooding for three hours was very comforting to me <3young robert de niro……  spare hand in marriage sir? 🥺when fredo corleone said “I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over!”, an angel gained its wings. but poor fredo…..what a great scene! cazale was so underrated. this is superior to the first one in every single way. (i actually tried watching it…  
4328  one thing about michael is that he'll hide his thoughts and emotions within himself, there's a layered mask on his face. you can't know for sure if he's studying their behaviour or if he's just being friendly, nor if he thinks good of them or if he's already preparing to get them assassinated. his quiet aura gives him much power, his eyes tells a story that his enemies aren't able to read. he keeps them relaxed before he finally strikes.…  
4329 Fredo’s desperate grip onto Michael, pleading for his life and his brother’s love.Met with Michael’s cold and calculating gaze, devoid of any emotion. The boat scene will always make me and my mom cry 
4330 Juxtaposition con intercutting, molto bene! 🤌 
4331 - The Coppola Restoration - A great movie and all, but ultimately wasn't as good as the first, and DEFINITELY isn't one of the best movies of all time. Still doesn't mean I'm gonna deny how beautifully made it is! Between the story, the writing and the acting, it's amazing. It just wasn't constantly engaging, it was easy for me as a viewer to lose focus and it didn't have as many unforgettable scenes as the first! 
4332 I didn’t really get into this one that much. Maybe it’s because my computer has an issue so I’m gonna get it fixed, but that’ll take at least a week so I can’t use for at least a week so I was in a bad mood and that might be why I didn’t like this too much. Again, I still enjoyed it, but not nearly as much as the first one. It’s really fucking long. Not a necessarily a bad thing, but like Jesus this is long. I am excited for the third one for a plethora of reasons. 
4333 why don’t men look like 70s al pacino and robert de niro anymore 
4334  So since I watched the first one yesterday since it is the 50th anniversary of the first one it is only right that I watch the greatest sequel of all time. I can't help but be amazed by the acting in this there are scenes that just blow me away the scene between Al Pacino and Diane Keaton and the scene between Pacino and Cazale just floor me every time even though I have lost count on how many times…  
4335 Continuing my rewatch now that I have the 4K UHD remasters.This one is maybe my favorite of the three… barely topping the first one. I think the scenes showing young Vito Corleone’s story really adds layers to the trilogy. And De Niro was just so damn good in the role.I also enjoy watching Michael continue down the road to not only following in his father’s footsteps, but becoming worse than his father. 
4336 Near perfect, but I had some issues I'll discuss later on my channel. 
4337 Pure genius. I prefer this to the first film. To me, The Godfather features an awesome story and was revolutionary in filmmaking, while The Godfather: Part II features an "awesome-er" story, was even more revolutionary in filmmaking, and the deep themes were way richer. This is my new favorite mob movie. 
4338  " إذا كان هناك شيء مؤكد في هذه الحياة، إذا علمنا التاريخ أي شيء، فهو أنه يمكنك قتل أي شخص. " - مايكل كورليونيتلك كانت كلمات وريث العرش، الذي بسط سيطرته على الإمبراطورية أكثر حتى مما فعله أبوه من قبل.. مايكل زعيم بالفطرة، كسب احترام البعض وسيطر بالخوف والترهيب على البعض الآخر. حينما يستشعر خيانةً من أحد يتحول إلى قاتل بارد بلا قلب.. لكنه رغم كل ذلك إنسان ذو بصيرة وحكمة ولا يتسرع في اتخاذ القرارات، حتى في أحلك…  
4339  Im KinoIch vergesse immer wieder, wie gut dieser Film ist. Das Schauspiel, die Kulisse, das Pacing und der absolut legendäre Soundtrack. Robert De Niro spielt Vito Corleone so gut, dass man Marlon Brando garnicht vermisst. Trotzdem bevorzuge ich weiterhin, Mr. Brando als Don Vito Corleone.Al Pacino spielt grandios und ich sag es immer wieder, die wohl beste Performance. Es war grandios auch diesen Film, auf der Leinwand zu sehen. Bei vielen Szenen, kriegt man auch immer noch Gänsehaut.…  
4340  Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.Re-release in the cinema. Imagine making one of the best films ever made and then you make a sequel that’s on par if not better. Coppola outdid himself here with creating a prequel/sequel, it’s like he made two films with this one film. Along with that, due to not getting the role of Sonny in The first Godfather, he casted Robert De Niro as a younger Vito Corleone (a stroke of genius)…  
4341 P E R F E C T I O N.After seeing both in the cinema, I’ve decided I like this one more. Formally it’s right on par, but having the noble rise of Vito AND the soul-crushing fall of Michael interspersed into ONE MOVIE.. just too beautiful.I BELIEVE IN POETIC CINEMA! 
4342  traditional values crumbling under the influence of power and greed, making room for ruthless ideals. deeply sad, much better than the first, utilizes its runtime much better despite being longer, every scene builds on the film's themes. both narratives complement each other perfectly, very glad that it doesn't indulge in relentless cutting back and forth between vito's and michael's story to needlessly emphatize parallels between them which i feel most director's would've done but taking time for long chunks of…  
4343 “I don’t feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies, that’s all.”No doubt a masterpiece, perhaps even on par with its predecessor, but personally I vastly prefer the original Godfather. It’s story feels tight and focused whereas this film can sometimes get lost in its own scope and nonlinear story. But that’s just my two cents on the matter.Naturally I should watch part 3 next, but honestly I don’t feel quite brave enough to revisit it just yet. 
4344 “why do you hurt me, michael?”there are few things more devastating than the cut from fredo’s arms holding his baby brother tight to pacino’s blank expression looking down at him, barely containing the wounded, angry person trying to hug him back. 
4345 im a simple girl, you give me Robert De Niro looking sexy speaking Italian, I give you a high rating. 
4346  Michael Corleone: I've always taken care of you Fredo.Fredo Corleone: Taken care of me? You're my kid brother and you take care of me? Did you ever think about that, huh? Did you ever ONCE think about that? "Send Fredo off to do this; Send Fredo off to do that." "Let Fredo take care of some Mickey Mouse nightclub somewhere." "Send Fredo to pick somebody up at the airport." I'm your older brother Mike and I was stepped over.…  
4347 It does not insist upon itself.Setting aside that this a masterpiece with fantastic direction, writing, and cinematography, this is Al Pacino and Robert De Niro showing off the full range of what they’re capable of as performers. My only real gripes here relate to the flashback sequences with De Niro as Vito, which are spectacular in a vacuum, but feel largely disconnected from the rest of the film, and aren’t integrated into it very well. 
4348 Wayyyy better than the first one. Michael Corleone’s character development is perfect also I loved seeing the early life of Don Vito Corleone. Amazing sets, acting, story and more. 
4349  Of course I’m blown away at the stunning visuals, the emotional thematic mastery of story telling on display. But for the first time rewatching this I found myself asking “Is it possible the sequel is actually better than the original”?  Knowing full well the former pioneered new roads into the gangster genre we still see bearing fruit today. Could it be a continuation, a launching point with which new heights were reached because of the greatness surrounding Coppola’s brave, ambitious…  
4350  Francis Ford Coppola's follow-up to the original Godfather is a deep, thematically-driven, and enthralling masterpiece that defies odds to prove it's the best sequel known to mankind. Now, I didn't really "loved" the original as much as people did, but this sequel just gave everything, technical or substance, to deliver such storylines that will not just serve viewers, but to also influence generations to come. Coppola's work on fleshing out Vito Corleone and Michael Corleone is nothing but pure ingenious,…  
4351 It’s probably controversial but I much preferred this film over The Godfather part 1.Robert De Niro’s portrayal of a young Vito was very good and I enjoyed those scenes very much.Al Pacino really should’ve won the Oscar for this film. 
4352 My father’s name was Antonio Andolini, and this is for you. 
4353 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Great acting, incredible music, amazing writing, especially with the fantastic characters that have so much relatability and heart- De Niro's character hit me the most, he was a normal guy with a family all before he started stealing and then lost his job, all of which resulting in him killing a Don. He was my favourite character definitely, and everything else compliments this; the lighting and sets are perfect. There are quite a few pacing issues, I think I'll re-watch this next week!  
4354 “Tell me something, Ma. What did Papa think, deep in his heart?”there’s a scene in the beginning where Michael is telling connie how she has abandoned her kids and needs to see them and then maybe halfway through there is a scene where Michael sees a toy tom hagen bought for his kid as he walks through an empty house, at that exact point my heart broke into a thousand little pieces. “you’re nothing to me, not a brother, not a friend” 
4355 the scene where michael hugs fredo at their mother’s funeral never gets easier huh 
4356 The Godfather: Part II boyfriends 1. Young Clemenza 2. Young Vito with a mustache 3. Young Tessio 4. Young Vito without a mustache 5. Increasingly bald Tom Hagen 6. Fredo in the communion suit 7. Sonny in the flashback 
4357 the music in this MOVIEEEEE 
4358 “You broke my heart. You broke my heart!” 
4359 I just would like to know why Al Pacino did not win an Oscar for this. And yeah, this was just as good as Pt 1. 
4360 While I continue to find the original Godfather incredibly entertaining in addition to being a rich text, Part II is a denser, more complex affair that commands my respect if not the same level of adoration. Still, it feels like a necessary story of how Vito succeeded while Michael ultimately fails—he’s left the king of a hollow kingdom, completely alone after obliterating his family because his transactional worldview only allows him to see enemies. 
4361 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”The Godfather: Part II is the second entry in the Godfather trilogy.  Released in 1974 and produced, co-written and directed by Francis Ford Coppola, it follows two parallel stories; the prequel story following a young Vito Corleone (Robert De Niro)’s rise to power and the present, wherein Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) begins to fall from…   
4362 robert deniro and al pacino come be my goddaddies 
4363 this movie was 3hrs 22 mins long and i enjoyed every single minute of it, absolutely amazing 
4364 "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."Hail Mary, Full of Grace, The Lord is with thee. Blessed art thou among women, and blessed is the fruit of thy womb, Jesus. Holy Mary, Mother of God, pray for us sinners...Best Picture Ranking - (7/95) 
4365 michael. 
4366 I mean, this is probably the greatest movie ever made, right? 
4367 I love that Harry Dean Stanton shows up for like 20 minutes and pretty much says nothing. 
4368  there’s literally nothing i can say that hasn’t been said already. the way the 2 stories run side by side his handled beautifully, my favourite part is seeing young vito rise from the lowest of the low to being the godfather. the main story lacked a little something in comparison to the godfather one, but was still flawless and picked up insanely toward the end, beautiful ending. the cinematography and score were flawless, not quite used to the levels they…  
4369 michael corleone you are a despicable bastard and i am deeply in love with you 
4370 just pure cinematic perfection 
4371 Every time a scene begins, I hope that Fredo is in it 
4372 i’d do anything for young de niro and al pacino. i’d jump off a bridge. i’d sell my organs on the black market. i’d even watch a 3h movie 
4373  Que maravilla.El Padrino II es una película sobre las diferencias. Vito, por un lado, construye rodeándose de gente, agrandando su familia y ganándose el respeto ajeno. Michael, por el otro, construye un imperio, pero lo hace apartándose de todo tipo de relaciones. Hermanos, amigos, esposa o hijos, no importa quién; Michael queda solo. Para mi la historia se resume en la última escena de la película, que arranca con la mesa llena y termina con Michael sentado a solas,…  
4374 youtu.be/bzblLkTJJmM 
4375 I can’t deny that I really miss Marlon Brando as Vito Corleone. The Godfather Part II isn’t as good as its predecessor, but it’s still fantastic. Al Pacino really gave this his best and it shows. The change in Michaels character from the first movie to this one is so well done. Stoked for the final piece. 
4376 The greatest film ever made. That's all.Rating: 100/100 
4377 This Vito Corleone dude sure likes to play the long game when it comes to revenge. 
4378 In one scene Al Pacino, without saying a word, exudes pure contempt, disappointment, and menace and all he does is stare and then closes a door. The color palette of his wardrobe like a lion with a scarf mane. The King.Then in 2011 his wardrobe was a 3 piece suit with donuts for Jack and Jill and he sings Dunkacino. 
4379 justice for frankie!!! 
4380 What's remarkable about The Godfather: Part II is how it deepens the story of the Corleone family on both an emotional and personal level. While The Godfather was a crime epic with a strict plot, this sequel serves more as a character study of Michael -- one that is dark, disturbing, and poignant. That's part of the reason why I prefer this film to its predecessor (by the slimmest of margins, mind you).It's also a testament to this team, and to Coppola's direction, that this film is never boring despite its mammoth runtime.And god damn, that final shot. Just perfection. 
4381 “I know it was you Fredo! You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”excuse me while i take the rest of my life to process this. probably the best piece of cinema ever made. wow. 
4382  AFI 100 Greatest Films - #32Francis Ford Coppola created an absolutely beautiful epic that I was thankful to see on the big screen for the first time with this viewing. The story is exceptionally woven, famously using flashbacks, between the early life of Don Vito and the current life of his son, and heir, Michael and in doing so created an example of one of the best paced 180 minute plus movies ever made. The period detail is so…  
4383 “I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.“I don’t know what to say. This is simply my new favorite film. I’m at a loss for words. I was moved several times during this masterpiece just by how perfect it was. It’s seriously that good. That great. It’s my favorite film of all time. Plain and simple. 
4384 "Bello, bello e impossibileCon gli occhi neri e la tua bocca da baciareBello, bello e invincibile."Alora, Gianna Nannini, did she write that song actually for Al Pacino? Ma certo! 
4385 Annual viewing. The older I get, the more this separates from the first Godfather. Probably the closest to Shakespeare we’re going to get in cinema. Michael Corleone, Charles Foster Kane, Norma Desmond, the Little Tramp — short list for greatest cinematic characters? From his introduction at the wedding in Part 1 to where he is at the end of Part 2, Michael has to be number one. That I’ll never write a character this good is both tormenting and liberating. 
4386 The Godfather: Here we go again 
4387 watching this is the best example of why people say that movies make you feel that you're travelling to another reality 
4388 It’s both brilliant and uncanny how much young De Niro resembles Brando. He deadass looks more like Brando to me than young Brando himself, and even his voice is kinda reminiscent of the Godfather’s iconic one. Perhaps one of the greatest casting choices ever. 
4389 whoops 
4390 Marvelous. Still very drawn to the immigrant story with young Vito (DeNiro). And told in parallel to Michael's story as a first generation child slowly destroying his family. I genuinely believe it is the greatest migrant story put to film. 
4391 A worthy sequel that stands on its own without the formidable backbone of the first film. It's excellent in its own right but it's strange to me that people see this as one of the best films ever, or even better than the first. I can't think of a single aspect of the film that was better in Part 2 (except maybe Pacino's performance but that's debatable). Not to say anything was bad, far from it. Everything was actually fantastic, just always a nudge below the first. 
4392 If you cut out all of the long silences and awkward staring this film would be like 30 minutes long 
4393 The Godfather casting was out of this world, It actually had brilliant star cast and all of them delivered their best performance that's unlikely to see in modern age where stars can perform as good as these all did in past.  The Godfather had Al pacino, De niro, Robert duvall, diane Keaton, john cazale, james caan & of course Marlon legend Brando.  As it was a reunion for The Godfather casts I just had to go back and watch all three movies. Second installment of the series was the best, it sets the bar high. Happy Reunion.Thank You, sir Francis Coppola. 
4394 This is as good as The Godfather in nearly every aspect. The one thing that's sorely missed is Brando's Vito Corleone. That commanding, yet gentle character added an extra dimension to the film that made it something special. Though De Niro does a great job playing a younger Vito, it's just not the same. Brando's absence doesn't diminish everyone else's excellent performances, including one of Pacino's career highlights, so there's still much to love about this film. 
4395 the parallel stories between Vito Corleone and his son Michael Corleone as godfathers were effortlessly and magnificently told. 
4396  The Godfather: Part II works to cement the themes and concerns of its predecessor, and telescoping the story of the Corleone family in each direction makes the first film even stronger in retrospect. Reverberations of the first film begin to appear immediately, with the opening taking place during a lavish family celebration, the patriarch presiding over business affairs, and continues with loyalties tested and retributions made over a very detailed and specific series of events. Like his father, Michael begins…  
4397 Can a sequel be better than the original? This one is the best answer you could ever hope for. 
4398  There is no doubt that this is probably the best sequel ever made, it really does live up to that hype. It's also just a really great film in general, sequel or not. This time we are awarded with two stories to follow, one that takes place during the present and the other during the past. It is really hard for me to choose whether I like Part II or the original Godfather more but there is no doubt that…  
4399  The 'godfather' was only ever Don Vito Corleone. Portrayed by two of the best ever, Brando and De Niro, the titular figure looms over everything, and he always has. When Michael assumes the role of Don over his family, he doesn't become the Godfather: he merely becomes the new man in charge. Vito Corleone's influence extends so far over this saga that a significant amount of time in PART II is spent as a sort-of 'prequel', dating all the way…  
4400 Six hours and two masterworks later, I feel honored to have experienced my first time with The Godfather: Part II in an actual multiplex, and with a restored 35mm to top it all off. Bless you, Regal Cinemas. 
4401  "If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone." - Michael CorleoneGeorge R.R. Martin, take note. For The Godfather Part II is a landmark, both of cinema and influences on popular culture. It is difficult to imagine a world without Part II, as it not only expands on the universe set up gracefully by the first instalment, but also improves on its legendary status. For me, The Godfather…  
4402 10/10this is my favorite one. the beauty of the cinematography, the characters, the impeccable writing, everything is just so masterful. i love this movie so much 
4403 Michael, we're bigger then U.S SteelThe first Godfather and Apocalypse Now are unquestionable masterpieces, but I've come around on Part 2 being Coppolas greatest contribution to cinema. 
4404  I'm ashamed I haven't seen Part 2 since now, but yes, I finally watched this after a year of procrastinating. "You're nothing to me anymore Fredo." When I thought the first Godfather couldn't get any better, I was finally taught that was false.Diving the movie more into Michael Corleone was the right thing to do. There are some movie trilogies and franchises that make them wrong by writing about something different comapred to the Godfather trilogy. This is something…  
4405 Masterpiece 
4406 what a silly lil guy 
4407 Chef's KissKinda not in the mood to write a long review for this one like I did with the previous film but, This is just another masterpiece. It's like on same quality of the first one, Kind of enjoyed the first one more but this movie is just straight phenomenal as well. Can say my favorite parts for example were Young Don Vito Corleone's who was played by Robert De Niro. Kind of tired after staying up for like almost 4 hours to see this, But if one thing, It was worth it. 
4408  theres a history of vengeance that has perpetuated this empire from the start. Michael Corleone has grown out of his once concealed self, now he's become the leader and enforcer [Godfather] to his disciples. as he's always been the most intelligent and perceptive of the bunch.def felt the runtime way more than on Part 1–however, this is still undoubtedly great. it adds way more to the Corleone lore than I thought it needed. it provides more context onto how…  
4409 I found this to be a profoundly different experience to Part 1. I felt after the first one that I had been pulled back to where I should have been initially. It was incredibly captivating and is second only to Goodfellas in the gangster genre for me. 
4410  A perfect sequel to a perfect film. The Godfather: Part 2 doesn't rest on the laurels of its predecessor and tries to pass the time by riffing on the same themes that worked the last time, but it broadens its scope as it tells the story of the generation after Don Vito Corleone, while at the same time relating an origin story back in the day when that term wasn't thrown around yet. In that sense, it is a film…  
4411 My hot take is The Godfather Part II is a better film than the first one, the tragic but inevitable disintegration of the so-called American dream and the family has never been more pronounced than the display here.Added to: Sight and Sound Greatest FilmsAdded to: Francis Ford Coppola, Ranked 
4412 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I was just kind of watching this again to have something on in the background while I dozed off, and I competently forgot how loud the gunshots were in the scene where Michael's house gets shot. So I was juts about to doze off when the gunshots start piercing into my ears, and I swear my heart has never raced that fast in my entire life. Suffice to say, it scared the hell out of me 🤣🤣  
4413  So my recent experience of revisiting The Godfather at the cinema, after many years, was lukewarm, but I had a great time with the sequel! Brando’s absence, and a much more confident Coppola, make a huge difference. I was completely swept up by the story, and was very happy to inhabit this world for the whole of the film’s epic runtime. A lot of this is due to Gordon Willis’s cinematography, which struck me as bigger, bolder, warmer, and darker…  
4414 Le 1 est mieux et ceux qui sont pas d’accord je vous baise 
4415 I’m sorry Kieran. I have no words. 
4416 שנה טובה מאדרפאקרס. 
4417 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   💯100%Watchlist movies ranked-HereIMDb top 15 ranked-HereMy favorite movies-HereThe Godfather Part II is just as phenomenal as the first, and for me it surpasses it. The main reason for that is because this movie follows one cohesive storyline and event. The first laid a bunch of events one after another, which was fantastic, but this followed one conflict and that made it a bit more engaging. Also, you get to see Vito’s past as he creates his…   
4418 Caras, incrível como o Robert De Niro conseguiu imitar todos os trejeitos do Marlon Brando como don vito corleone no primeiro filme, a fala, o olhar, e até o jeito de andar...É IDÊNTICO!Al Pacino te amo papacito. Uma das melhores sequências da história do cinema! perfeito. 
4419 the greatest movie kiss of all time 
4420 Clearly the MAMMA MIA: HERE WE GO AGAIN of the GODFATHER saga. I’ve spent many years convinced that this was the best of the three. Now, I’m not sure. 1 has the clearer arc and more enduring iconography, but this one is undoubtedly the richer and more ambitious of the films. In the process, though, I feel like some characters from the original are somewhat underserved here (Kay for example actually has more presence in 3 than this one). Still, an exquisite and sprawling work of a master at the height of his powers. 
4421 pretty good. suffers from pacing issues just as its predecessorHarry Dean killed it. 8.8/10 
4422 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   FUCK. The one dilemma that I I’ve always had is which one to I prefer more, The Godfather or The Godfather Part II? I usually just say Part II but it’s a very tough decision, for me at least. Both are some of the greatest films, but together, they form one of the greatest stories ever put to film.One of my favorite all times films. Great cast and even better performances. It all feels so authentic and real. The sets…   
4423 Wait a second when Michael kissed Fredo the weirdest part wasn’t that he kissed his brother it was that he didn’t say no homo after it. 
4424  El Padrino II otra película que he visto infinidad de veces, al igual que su sucesora una de las mejores películas de la historia. Esta vez la trama se parte en 2 contando por un lado es ascenode Vito Corleone a ser un mafioso y el presente de Michael Corleone al frente de la familia.La dirección de nuevo de manos de Francis Ford Coppola que lo hace espectacular con todo en la película. La banda sonora de Nino Rota…  
4425  In light of recent controversies, I decided to watch a Coppola film to see if it was as good as a Marvel movie. While The Godfather Part II has its moments, there are certainly many things that could have been done to fit more in line with the MCU aesthetic. First, while Marvel movies have lots of explosions, GF2 only has a grenade go off during the Cuba sequence. Instead of an overabundance of CGI, GF2 has meticulous production design,…  
4426 When it ended Netflix suggested I watch Minecraft Story Mode next. 
4427 Moody and gorgeous and generally just an impeccably crafted picture, but I'd be lying if I said there was anything here that I didn't already get from the last shot of the first one 
4428  AFI Top 100 Clubboxd.it/1cOza#2 - The Godfather: Part IIThe Godfather: Part II is the second longest film that I've seen. I usually really don't like long films, but after watching it, I thought it was a fantastic film. All the aspects that were great about the first film are still in this this one, in fact, even more so. Al Pacino and Robert De Niro give stunning, emotional performances alongside with everyone in the film.I really…  
4429 Kurde, nie wiem czy nie lepsze od jedynki aczkolwiek pierwsza część miała lepsze zakończenie. Świetnie poprowadzona historia, w czasie której widz ani na chwilę się nie nudzi. Te prawie 3,5h mijają aż za szybko De Niro fantastyczny jako Vito, to samo Pacino jako Michael. Trochę uwielbiam te filmy i rozumiem już totalnie ich fenomen. Ponadczasowe KINO 
4430 a guy failing to live up to the legacy of his father?? 🤔 the eldest boy complaining that he is viewed as too pathetic?? 🤔🤔 someone called “tom” who’s inserted himself into the family dynamic?? 🤔🤔🤔 *succession theme plays* 
4431 MASTERCLASS Pour un 2 je m’attendais à forcément moins bon mais ce fut pas le cas, l’écriture est exceptionnelle Coppola est vraiment le génie qu’il pense être, le jeu d’acteur est aussi au rdv je me suis pas ennuyé une seconde alors que le film dure quand même 3h30personnellement je le met au même niveau que le 1 ce sont deux 8,5/10 imo 
4432  After watching this film I have become the manliest and most stoner version of myself, but I've also hit peak gay gay, and even peak trans guy as well. Now That's What I Call a Totalizing Work of Art vol. 42069! There's something for everyone in this review, even women, I'm sorry women, I love you women.Like everyone raised on the internet/the US, I learn everything backwards. I am at least three xeroxes away from source culture. I learned…  
4433 Just incredible stuff. De Niro is so good. I prefer the first film to this, but only by a hair. 
4434 Pacino’s greatest on screen performance, it’s the biggest Oscar travesty ever that he didn’t win. Vito’s early life is arguably the best part and greatest strength of the film. De Niro is unbelievably good and the contrast between Michael and Vito’s rise is phenomenal.You genuinely could have just had the entire supporting actor category be from this film, Cazale and Duvall are amazing, they are the soul and moral compasses of the film. Simply one of the best films of all time. 
4435 it's so dreadful to watch this after part 1. while I think part 1 is more all over the place than part 2 but I can get behind the fact that they are having a side effect on everything, or they are product of every other thing that's happening.in part 2 we have this focused; more political and mystery plot and they can't help themselves to put more things in it.it's like "wow, I finally got on board with narrative after 40 minutes" and boom.let's switch to another story.  truly amazing stuff. 
4436  Many people consider The Godfather Part 2 to be a perfect example of how a sequel can be better than its predecessor. So it was kind of weird that I ended up feeling the opposite.The sequel to Coppola's hit classic follows Michael Corleone's story as he faces challenges ahead of his journey to achieving his father's lost ambition, to be the one to control the strings. It continues the saga with an excellent opening scene that introduces Michael's ambitions…  
4437 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Got a few hours of Godfather to get through - always a pleasure, never a chore.Forgotten much of part 2, since it's been ages since I've seen it. I knew Robert DN factored, but couldn't recall why... These films have such insane casting!If I go quiet for 72 hours, please fax me soup & a brd roll. Ah and maybe some chocolate too. Thanks.Well, finis. And I survived. Had to stagger the watch into shifts tho. Hehe. This…   
4438 very very very good, maybe better than the firstthis film has alluded me for a long time and i watched it in a film study class in bits and pieces so i plan on rewatching in one sitting then giving a full review one thing i will say is the parallel between veto and michael and especially seeing them simultaneously was awesome de niro the goat95/100 
4439 Oh to have films like this again 
4440 Sequels that are better than the original:The Godfather: Part llThe Dark Knight World War 2 
4441 How can you get a better sequel than this?🔥     Part 2 had a lot to offer by bringing more character arc and depth to this immaculate story! Al Pacino was an absolute star! I definitely think it might be in the conversation for his best performance👀 But that’s hard to decide though…He slaps in everything he does!This is everything you could ever want for a sequel! Now for me, I didn’t quite connect with this movie like I did with The Godfather…Plus, Marlon Brando’s performance is unmatched! Needless to say it’s still one of the best sequels I’ve ever seen!    🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻 
4442 Sometimes a really good fuckin’ movie is just a really good fuckin’ movie, and there’s not much more to say!The way that John Cazale is able to express fear for his life, disappointment in himself, and anger at the way he’s been treated all in a single moment is so real and so heartbreaking. I can’t believe he wasn’t even nominated for this role! But it’s beautiful that every time we get to see him in a film, it’s an absolute banger. R.I.P. to a true talent. ❤️ 
4443  Happy 49th Anniversary to the Godfather Part II!!  This has to be one of my favorite films of all time for sure.  The beauty of this film from the characters, the screenplay, the score, and the history behind it is truly superb.  I resonate with this film so much because of how much I love crime films and the genre itself.  I feel that I can even cry tears of joy every time I watch this film, due to how…  
4444 The perfect movie doesn't exi-The perfect sequel doesn't exi-One of the rarest of examples where the sequel matches the greatness of the prequel or if I may say, transcends it. 
4445 ok so just when i'm about to concentrate on the plot, which is only when al pacino is not in the shot, i get robert de niro and i just can't get enough of looking at them fr i wanna understand the movie so bad, why did you have to bring the two of my biggest crushes here like damn you francis!! 
4446  “i know it was you fredo. you broke my heart. you broke my heart!”wow wow wow i have no wordsi think my favourite scene is where michael discovers fredo is the traitor. his reaction is just priceless…the way his face drops is just wow. i was honestly pretty shocked when fredo was killed, i just didn’t expect for it to happen in the way that it did but i believe fredo knew it was coming.i think having…  
4447 I loved it a lot. Might bump it up to a 5/5 at some point. But for right now I’m feeling this. 
4448 Un second film aussi parfait que le premier, y’a juste rien à dire.Les retournements de situation, un drame familial, les moments en Sicile juste fabuleux, De Niro, Al Pacino, toute cette histoire de famille, de crime, c’est un univers si génial et j’aime me plonger dedans pendant 3h, voir ici 3h20. Il est si excellent qu’on ne voit absolument pas le temps passé, merci FF Coppola pour ce bijou du cinéma. 
4449 52 Years In 52 Weeks: 2023 (Rewatch Edition)There are people that think The Godfather: Part II is better than the original. I am one of those people. 
4450 Young Al Pacino and young Robert DeNiro have my heart 
4451 The Godfather movies have done for oranges what Jaws did for the ocean. 
4452  “Fredo, you're nothing to me now. You're not a brother, you're not a friend. I don't want to know you or what you do. I don't want to see you at the hotels, I don't want you near my house. When you see our mother, I want to know a day in advance, so I won't be there. You understand?”I can finally say I’ve watched the highly acclaimed sequel to The Godfather.This was my 700th logged for Letterboxd…  
4453 Why did Fredo go fishing by himself?:( 
4454 to što je fredo biološki deo porodice korleone, a svi ga jašu od kad zna za sebe, don vito samo što nije govorio da je neuspeli abortus, soni ga podjebava, majkl ga ignoriše/nipodaštava, i onda kad ode u zagrljaj hajmena rota, jer ga, kao prvo, jedini ikad iole tretirao kao čoveka, onda je fredo izdajnik, velika drama, jao, jao, porodica po svaku cenu, puši ga majkle, i treba da ostaneš sam. pravda za freda!nije ni čudo što je de niro legenda kakva jeste kad je imao za zadatak da igra mladog branda tako rano u karijeri. i to kako ga je odigrao! 
4455  “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”Not quite as good as the first one but still incredible.How Al Pacino didn’t win and oscar for this is shocking he is fantastic as Micheal Corleone and brings everything to the table.Aswell as Robert De Niro who was great int his and who’s arc and story i enjoyed as-well as his revenge.My favourite scene being Micheal’s realisation and the famous line direct at Fredo…  
4456 al pacino ur so babygirl 
4457 day 65/1000i love al pacino & he delivers an unbelievable performance for the ageshe REALLY SHOUL'VE WON THE FUCKING OSCAR UGHHHHthere is no anti-hero in any shape or form without him as Michael Corleone!!! like wtf guys c'mon 
4458  I used to think 'The Godfather' (1972) didn't need any sequels. Michael's story in this first film is wrapped up perfectly by the time the door closes on Kay. Having rewatched the trilogy multiple times now I think I was wrong. The first movie is showing how Michael becomes a crime lord and Part II (and I guess Part III but I still need to rewatch that one) shows us the consequences of him becoming a crime lord.Part II…  
4459  And I said to myself, this is the business we’ve chosen.First off, I’ve actually heard the braindead take that this sequel is unnecessary and a cash grab which is just wrong because not only are the characters of Vito and Micheal psychologically interesting enough to continue following but also because it’s a adaptation of the rest of the same fucking book the first is based on.Anyways, where to start with this picture? The structure here is fantastic, contrasting…  
4460  I forgot that I was watching a film, and all these people are not real but fictional, and that it was not filmed in the 40s but the 70s; such is the impeccability with which Mario Puzo and Sir Francis Ford Coppola created this world.The Godfather II is a masterclass in screenwriting, brilliance in blocking, lighting, and framing, masterfulness in direction, and near perfection in acting by Al Pacino and Robert De Niro.But more than that it is…  
4461 3 jam yang melelahkan.. 
4462 Oh, it feels good 
4463 im gonna make him (robert de niro) an offer he cant refuse 
4464 al pacino wielding all that power and having people kissing his ring and seeing him slurp down that orange zoo wee mama i am having some veeerrryyy strong feelings for him. ladies and gentlemen batten down the hatches here we go againok fine i’ll rank al pacino’s movies 
4465 Michael Corleone is the ultimate nepo baby 
4466 the corleone family's flop era 
4467 Essa trilogia é absurda em tantos sentidos que é difícil comentar. 
4468 How do people find this movie boring 
4469  the sequel to end all sequels— and I don’t even care how repetitive I’m beingTHE GODFATHER: PART II more than earns its status by not only being a phenomenal prequel-sequel that serves as a perfect companion piece to the original and thus enriching them both— but also for being just a goddamn amazing movie in its own right and, if I’m being completely honest with myself, I feel like I may even prefer it to the originalwhile the…  
4470 The 3 hour and 20 minute movie that’s feels like an hour and a half. 
4471  Beautiful, fantastic, perfect but someway, somehow I don’t think it’s better than the first. The Godfather: Part II is a perfect movie that is a definite, the way the story is put on screen and the way it is crafted is nothing short of amazing. Like it’s predecessor the performances are some of the all time greats, with Robert DeNiro successfully capturing the magic that Marlon Brando gave us in the first and Al Pacino who is the main star…  
4472 I genuinely can’t decide if I like this or the first one more. Not sure why I put this off for so long. 
4473 While, yes, many agree that this is superior to The Godfather I gotta admit that this one always lacked something for me. It's a brilliant film nonetheless, no doubt about it and I've been watching it with great love in my heart ever since I was about 12 and yet it isn't flawlessly perfect to me. What I always loved in this one were the visuals, how they tell the story of their own and almost predict the future. But my favourite thing is John Cazale, period. 
4474 so much happened and i don’t know where to start so i’ll leave you with this… young vito… dilf. i should make him an offer he can’t refuse. marriage. 
4475 #453HDToday.tvAn absolute masterpiece.Think I preferred it to the first one. Watching Michael struggle with his two families and all the threats that come to him, Al Pacino was fantastic here.And then, watching the rise of Vito Corleone was astonishing. From Italian immigrant to the saviour of his neighbourhood, he truly is one of the best characters in cinema. Not to forget how good Robert De Niro was as well.Can’t believe it has taken me this long to watch this epic work of art. 
4476 Some may say that this movie is better than the first Godfather, but in my humble opinion The Godfather: Part II comes VERY close to surpassing the greatness of the original, but ultimately doesn’t. Al Pacino is fantastic as the new Don and seeing a young Robert De Niro as Vito Corleone is the cherry on top. I just love seeing the fall of Michael and the rise of Vito at the same time. This is such an extraordinary tale of betrayal and power and is definitely a must watch masterpiece. 
4477 i’d definitely let young vito corleone fucking hit 
4478  There's always been a debate about whether G2 is a better film than G1, but my vote still goes to the original. Certainly the sequel is beautifully (and more expensively) made, but to me it lacks a sense of drama, feeling more like a lavish soap opera than a movie. Thematically it's a great counterpoint to The Godfather, but it takes an awfully long time for that theme to become clear, it being muddied by the historical flashbacks and a…  
4479 Easily the one of the greatest sequels ever made. I cant decide which one I like more, either way they're both masterpieces.Edit: I lowered my rating because of rewatchability and how dense it is. I usually don't let that effect ratings but this one really stood out. 
4480  If part one was the rise, this is most certainly the fall. While there exists a personal preference to part one, one cannot deny the mastery of part two, subverting expectations and uncovering Michael Corleone to show us who he truly is. This truly is his movie and shows the progression all the way from when he was just the baby of a young De Niro (which by the way is an extremely odd sight after seeing him as an…  
4481 I can't believe I went 19 years without watching this 
4482 Aussi incroyable que le premier film avec, en prime, une des meilleures backstory du cinéma. Al Pacino est impeccable en Don Corleone et la réalisation de Coppola est juste grandiose. Épique! 🍰 
4483 I watched it and loved it . And had to make the comment “they don’t make movies like this anymore” 
4484 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   So I rewatched The Godfather Part II for the 2nd time and its amazing.I understand that some people have a diversive opinion about the 2nd installment of The Godfather Trilogy. Some people prefer the first one which is a classic and some people loved this one because it's quite dark and tragic.For me this is easily the best Godfather movie I've ever seen and one of my top 3 personal fav sequel (along with 2049 and The Dark…   
4485 Incredible to see this on the big screen, but I honestly think having an actual intermission kind of dampened the momentum the film had built up to that point. Still a toss-up for me as to which is better, this or its predecessor, but good lord are they both absolutely overwhelming achievements. My god. 
4486 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  no way home level theatrical cheers but it's me alone in my room yelling when vito says that he'll make fanucci an offer he can't refuse.is it even a spoiler at this point? i dunno. i guess since it's taken me this long to watch it there is bound to be someone else out there who hasn't yet. stayin on the safe side.can't say what has already been said many many times, and so it is my pleasure to confirm all of the great things. my goodness, what a film.  
4487  Watching The Godfather 1 and 2 back to back in 4K Ultra HD made me realize that I do prefer one over the other. The one being The Godfather 1.It mostly hinges on the overall consistency 1 has that 2 doesn't. Out of the two films, 2 has undoubtedly the highest highs but also the lowest lows with some faults that stick out when you have to be so nitpicky comparing the two films. 1 is so consistent in…  
4488 טום רייגן>טום הייגן 
4489 Konsequenter Weitererzählung der Corleone-Familiengeschichte mit einem Al Pacino zum niederknien. Dazu ein Robert de Niro der als junger Vito Corleone die kontrastreiche Vorgeschichte aus der Romanvorlage vorantreibt. Fertig ist eines der besten Sequels der Filmgeschichte, welches dem Original in nichts nachsteht. 
4490 I know this is considered FFC's undeniable magnus opus but I honestly can only watch this as an extension of it's predecessor, so ultimately, I do prefer the first movie. Regardless of my opinion, there's no denying this movie is exquisite and undoubtedly essential to the advancement of film. 
4491 Again not much to say other than what another special experience watching this classic on the big screen. I still prefer Part 1 but that doesn’t take anything away from how amazing this one is. 
4492 the ending is what makes this for me. i’d probably give it five stars anyways but it’s that last scene that really tops it all off and breaks my heart into pieces. utter perfection, i love my short psychotic husband michael corleone so much <3 
4493 Filmmaking at its absolute finest. The sheer scale of this movie rivals any epic in my humble opinion. Francis Ford Coppola’s direction is even better here than in the first movie and that’s saying something. The Godfather Part II (1974) just pips its predecessor to the post for me. The perfect movie? As near as dammit.1st Review 
4494 :) 
4495  Like Godfather 1. There is so much to unpack here that a Letterboxd review simply isn't suited for so I won't even try to write the 10,000 word essay this movie requires I will spend the rest of my life debating whether this is better than Godfather 1 or not. This is arguably more complex and nuanced. And when you know what happens to a certain character... it makes every scene leading up to it infinitely more tense. The way…  
4496 Verla en cines fue una de las mejores experiencias de mi vida y la verdad no sé cómo expresarlo de forma correcta. Ya desde que comenzó 'The Immigrant' sentí como se me enchinaba la piel, y ver a las pocas personas que había cerca de mi sorprendiendose por lo que ocurría en la película, hacía de ésta una experiencia aún mejor. Si pueden verla en el cine, no se la pierdan. 
4497  What’s to be said that hasn’t already been said for decades? It’s a sprawling epic masterpiece that can’t be beat. All the Fredo stuff broke my heart, especially the scene where he confesses to Michael. Just sitting pathetically in that low chair shouting that he demands respect, that he’s not dumb like everyone says, that he’s smart. John Cazale is a one-of-a-kind actor, nobody else like that. There’s so much vulnerability in his performance. Obviously Pacino and De Niro are…  
4498 Hyman Roth making every person at his party look at his birthday cake … that’s special to me 
4499 Another great film that the Godfather received, a great sequel, for storytelling, more interesting characters, etc.!10/10 
4500 How can you possibly improve the godfather?Add Robert De Niro. 
4501 abt 2 google how to be in a love triangle affair w/ 70s al pacino and 70s robert de niro 
4502 This movie hands down deserves greater than 5 stars. It’s a pure masterpiece from start to finish, and is personally my favorite movie of all time. Taking what I loved from the first Godfather and turning it up to 10. Michael’s character arc in this is PHENOMENAL and really sells this movie. Solid scenes all around, great score, and great movie. Highly recommend. 
4503  May of 2020, I rewatched Part one by myself. This was in preparation to rewatch part two with my then girlfriend, now fiancé. It would have been her first time viewing it. It ended up not happening with rewatching part two in 2020, which was a shame. A year & a half later, we’re trying to pick a film & she blurts out that she finally wants to watch part two. I of course put the Blu-ray in right away. Truthfully, This…  
4504 Michael Corleone had impeccable style for a mob boss 
4505 I mean.... Its aight... Overrated in My opinion though. Just overall boring dialouge and just poorly executed acting. They all sound so tired all the time. Not enough action OR Comedy, didnt make me laugh once. I Guess in some aspects its Good, like for example i respect the amount of work put out by amateures and i Guess that they nailed the "Mafia Lifestyle" but its just a bit underwealming for me 
4506 am i crying cuz this was depressing as hell or cuz al didn’t win an oscar for it. or both 
4507  Always thought this was at least a couple of steps below The Godfather but the more I watch it the more I appreciate its rewarding character arcs, attempts to expand the narrative and thematic scope, going over multiple timelines and locations with finesse and I’ve come a long way from thinking the parallel storylines between Vito’s rise//Michael’s struggling to keep the enterprise together+subsequent descent into madness was sloppily put together years and years ago. This go-around I found its reflective,…  
4508 marlon brando stands high in this corleone pr-s-equel. yep you read it right. comparing both part one and two, if not for marlon, godfather 2 would have been miles above gf1. perfectly layered with the prequel and sequel. seeing the runtime, you may feel this can be dragging at some places, but there won’t be a minute where you feel not-invested. that intermission scene is still giving me chills. birth of a legend. 
4509 of course this is getting five stars, literally everything is flawless and I loved de niro’s take on a young vito corleone 
4510 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   4.5* to 5* on a rewatch.The Godfather Part 2 is the perfect sequel. To have two different stories in the same film and not be confusing or feel out of place is unbelievable. I can’t remember any other film that done it as good as this.This film has the best acting duo ever in a film with Al Pacino and De Niro. Al Pacino in some scenes wouldn’t say a word but you could tell by his eyes…   
4511 Coppola’s follow-up is even more ambitious in terms of narrative structure as he seamlessly explores themes of power, family and betrayal across time in one of cinema’s most astonishing sequels. Review - wp.me/pat7iE-3BI 
4512 I’m not sure what got into me but I decided it would be a good idea to watch this 3 hour movie at 1 in the morning. Anyways this was a really enjoyable experience for me since I got to watch on call with the main homie Daniel. Obviously this was amazing. The dialogue was just *chefs kiss* and the performances were flawless as always. Robert De Niro speaking Italian tho😩😩😩Also Will you suck, get more patience to watch this absolute masterpiece ugh… 
4513 happy (god)father’s day everyone 
4514 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  after apollonia death they cut the scene out were he was in bed traumatized and delirious. the cut took away how much he was in love with her 🥺  
4515 يوضح هذا الجزء الفرق بين طريقتي فيتو ومايكل، والمبادئ الي بدأت عليها إمبراطورية كورليون والعصر الحالي مع مايكل. طوال الفلم كان مايكل يفقد عائلته ويدفعهم بعيداً، والي وضحه مشهد الفلاش باك، اجتماع الاخوة والعائلة على طاولة العشاء واستقبالهم لفيتو مختلف تماماً عن الجو الي يصنعه مايكل بالغرفه. فلم من جزئين، ماضي سعيد يحكي قصه المهاجر فيتو، وحاضر حزين مع مايكل. “A man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man.”- Vito (Godfather) في حديث فيتو وتقديره لمكانة العائلة بالجزء الاول 
4516 you don’t understand, i’m obsessed 
4517 The definition of 'aging like a fine wine' 
4518 A much bigger improvement upon the first film, it has a much better story and adds so much more depth to these already amazing characters. Al Pacino delivers his best performance and the movie has much better pacing than the first, this film deserves its title has one of the best films ever made.10/10 
4519  My Second Watch:I’m one of the people that thinks Part II > Part I both are still masterpieces, of course. To me these two films don’t even feel like people actually crafted them, they just feel like two films that live in their own realm of existence. If that makes sense, basically both of these films are absolutely godly and if you tHoUgHt ThAt ThEy wErE bOrInG then go to bed, you fucking baby. They both have perfect directing, acting,…  
4520 new episode of THE CHRONIC CANON, a movie potcast that i host with my buds frank & brandon, is now available!this week, we continue our journey through coppola & puzo’s epic american crime saga, with THE GODFATHER PT. 2!there will be spoilers, & yes, we’re all really high 💨follow us on twitter @Chronic_Canonif you’re a new listener, thank you & enjoy!if you’re a listener, thank you again for everything ❤️ 
4521 they all just seem like such good fellas. 
4522 I prefer part 1 over this 
4523 First one's flawless. This is great, just not flawless. 
4524 I feel like the fact that this is both a prequel and a sequel gets often overlooked. Could they probably have done two separate movies? Sure, but this works well anyway.Different than the first in that Don Vito feels more likable despite committing similar crimes. Michael’s doing them feels unnatural and cold, which I suppose is the point of the movie: it’s all unnatural and not what he wanted for himself. 
4525 My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. gonna need 3-5 business days to process the masterpiece i just watched. 
4526 I definitely didn’t expect to like it this much more on my fourth watch.While most of the praise for the Godfather films is towards the first film this one deserves just as much praise. This three and a half hour masterpiece is just as good as the first film and in some areas even better. Michaels character arc is done insanely well, perfectly paced and I think the stuff with Robert DeNiro is my favourite stuff in the whole trilogy.One of the few perfect films. 
4527 hope the new year brings everyone more luck than it did for fredo corleone 
4528 The Godfather is better than The Godfather: Part II. Fight me.😛 
4529 How does Coppola do it?... Beyond magisterial. 
4530 i cant get enough of this guy 
4531 The contrast between Vito and Michael is even more stark in this. One based their decisions out of love and one did not. Michael didn’t follow his father’s advice to Sonny in the first movie and pays the price for it: “a man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man.” 
4532 finalmente consegui ver inteiro, de uma vez só eu acho que gostei mais desse do que do primeiro (????) achei que seria impossível, mas eu adorei como eles expandiram o universo e desenvolveram o michael e o vito. e adorei todo o contexto histórico interferindo na narrativa, algo que não era muito forte no primeiro (ainda acho o primeiro mais icônico, por outro lado)e puta merda eu ODEIO o fredo homem insuportável agora o vito… 🥰😍😘 
4533  How to lose trust in everyone in 3 hoursFor a very long time I always used to always say that this was my favourite from the three, but on a rewatch it's most definitely a solid second place. That's not saying it's now bad or gotten any worse, it's just a testament to how perfect the first film is. Part II is more of the fantastic, epic genius from the first, but with a little too much extra meat…  
4534 I do not think that this film is superior to the first or vice-versa, primarily because to me it will forever be a united 6 hour film (havent seen the 3rd yet). All in all, The Godfathers are great because while I would not rave about it like I would with Rebecca or Sunset Boulevard, it is easy to see the utter perfection that the film has in itself and god bless the 70s for being so liberal with the artists’ creative control, why did it have to change :( 
4535 everyone always talks about how The Godfather movies are the greatest ever made but if they would’ve led with how hot al pacino and robert de niro were, i would’ve watched them much sooner 
4536  Yes. Another masterpiece that really deserves all the praise it gets. I think this one is a better made film and is basically flawless, but I think Part I I enjoy more. With that out of the way, this is one hell of an epic sequel. The story adds so much after part one, and the performances have increased so much. Al Pacino gives one of the best performances of all time, and I honestly couldn’t find a single flaw.…  
4537  I'm not sure what it was but I wasn't nearly as invested in this as I was the first. It's still pretty damn good tho.It's definitely a mix of both the pacing being noticeably worse than the first and also the fact that Marlon Brando's Vito Corleone isn't in this really makes the movie feel empty. I absolutely loved the beginning segment with a young Vito Corleone coming to America but afterward, I felt like I was watching passively.…  
4538 In some ways, this is a better one than the first - better narrative, darker cinematography, connected to world events more than the first - but I still consider both equals in their own way.Really hope the Coda redeems the third one and gives this story the closure it properly deserves. God help you, Francis - I have faith in you to pull it off.If anyone's wondering, there's a marathon on; really. 
4539  one of the most beautifully tragic things i’ve ever watched.  there’s so much you could talk about when it comes to the emotional depth this movie has, but it would just be wasting time at this point. read the reviews i’ve liked as they explain it much more eloquently. instead i’m just gonna mention one of my favorite subtle moments this movie does perfectly out of a 10000000 moments.  that is when michael returns to his family estate after kay…  
4540 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   A true cinematic masterpiece. To say this movie is a just great cinema or a great sequel doesn't do it justice as it doesn't the first film. These movies are life lessons in the way they display principals and code. A way of life.The simultaneous timelines showing the rise of Vito Corleone and and fall of Michael Corleone is just amazing. A young Vito getting his revenge and that final scene with Michael just sitting there sticks with you.…   
4541  "If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone."I genuinely can't fathom how anyone can claim that this is a better film than the original The Godfather. Part II is a very fine film, and just as thoughtful and meticulous as its predecessor, but it is hardly as powerful or riveting on its own. The flashback sequences are amazing, but only because we know that they lead into…  
4542 honestly michael in the first godfather was better since he succeeded in killing all his rivals not only in one fell swoop but on his first day on the job, but here he planned all these intricate downfalls yet couldn't even kill 3 simple idiotsI TYPED THIS BEFORE FINISHING IT.. god he'd kill me so easily it's stupid. my sincerest apologies king 
4543 young vito corleone was out there making demands and taking names left and right meanwhile i'm afraid to say anything when my coffee order gets messed up 
4544 Jersey Shore undid all the good this movie did for my people. 
4545 ‪vito corleone if you are reading this i’m free on thursday night and would like to hang out please respond to this and hang out with me on thursday night when i am free‬ 
4546 97atmospheric as fuck 
4547 robert deniro please let me talk to you 
4548 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  if you ever think you and your partner are going through a difficult time in your relationship, just remember, that kay literally aborted her baby, just cuz she didn't like the babies father.  
4549  Al Pacino, a loveable dick: The MovieI definitely prefer the first one to this. I mean this has some great scenes, like New Years Eve, Vito’s revenge, Kay’s and Michael’s fight... Kay’s and Michael’s fight!!! Those are absolutely awesome. But as a whole package it has its problems.I don’t personally care about Vito’s story that much. And basically that’s the film’s undoing in my opinion. It feels much more artificial and easy than the present storyline. There’s too much…  
4550 Somehow this had even better pacing than the first? 
4551  I have always seen the first two The Godfather films as equals and almost impossible to pick a favourite. Until this viewing. Both films are absolutely brilliant, but there is a sense of complete and utterly mastery in the first Godfather that is more and less impossible to follow up on. Thinking back on the two films they blended together into a single film and on this rewatch I realized that almost all of my favourite parts were from the…  
4552 This one hits differently than the first, but not necessarily in a negative way. While I believe The Godfather- Part 1 is the better film, this is one of the best sequels of all time. (Spoilers ahead)Part 1 is a culmination of ferocity and family. They have each other’s backs through it all. Part 2 sees Michael take a turn. He begins to turn against those he loves most... losing a part of who he was. The final scene encapsulates so much. The loss of what was to what now is. Brilliant cinematography, score, and acting all around. 
4553 MORE THAN A CRIME FILM (YET AGAIN!)Amazing. Michael Corleone has the best character development in cinematic history; I will fight anyone on this.I don’t know why I deprived myself of The Godfather and its sequel my entire life. Shameful...P.S. if anyone wants to work in film and loves movies yet has lost motivation, honestly (re)watch this and the first one. Both are perfection and really uplifted my mood!!The Italians did what needed to be done. Period! 
4554 Really good mind you, but it is in no way better than the first. This is mainly due two semi disconnected stories that due little other than merely co-exist with each other, we get no time developing Vito's family in the beginning and Hymen Roth is incredibly uninteresting. It doesn't take away from any of its great qualities though as everything from the acting, sets, writing and cinematography is stellar. Worth a watch for sure. Just failed to live up to the original just like Michael failed to fully live up to Vito. 
4555 : I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!The scene where the immigrants 🇮🇹 are coming in on the ship and the Statue Of Liberty 🗽. Possibly the greatest in film history What a fucking great movie 6 stars out of five 
4556 It's so good I didn't even care about these 202 minutes.Though I think it would make more sense if Vito's arc would be in the first movie and not here(but that's just my opinion). 
4557  Godfather Part I and II are masterpieces, classics of not just their genre but film entirely. That said, I personally prefer Part II.I don't view them as the rise and fall of Michael Corleone as the Godfather, but rather a story concerned with Michael's loss of heart and the death of his identity. He is god, but not father. He is a ruthless businessman with no personal life, joy, or family. He is sharp, alive, electric in matters of…  
4558  “You broke my heart.”While I still prefer the first film, there’s no denying the mastery of this film and how close it gets to the greatness of part I. This film is so devastating and at least three parts made me tear up this time around. The stuff with young Vito is fascinating and I was satisfied while also wanting more and Michael’s arc is expanded on from the first and he transitions from a bad man to diabolical…  
4559  On this rewatch, my only flaws with this one are that Fredo’s betrayal should’ve been a bit more clear in the early stages of that plot, and that this film reminds me a bit to much of certain scenes from the first one, but I understand that it isn’t as much repeating those scenes as they are showing the contrast between how Vito Ran things in the first one, and how Micheal handles them in this one, so it isn’t…  
4560  Until recently, I had lived under a heavy, wet blanket of shame --- for decades --- simply because I had never seen Francis Ford Coppola’s first two “Godfather” films. “The Godfather” (1972) and “The Godfather Part II” (1974) are landmarks in American film. No argument. Case closed. “Best of” movie lists litter the Internet, but one of the more credible ones, the American Film Institute’s latest “100 Greatest American Films of All Time” list, has the first “Godfather” ranked at…  
4561 Although I do prefer the first one, this film is still very much a masterpiece and I would argue that it's much harder to get right due to the two timelines running in parallel (I've always found the young Vito story far more compelling than the modern day stuff) and yet Coppola still manages to make this film one of the best ever. 
4562 Ouvi dizer que esse filme é tão aclamado quanto o primeiro, e eu concordo que ele esteja no nível. É engraçado que ele talvez funcione perfeitamente se tiver isolado, digo, de um lado a história do Don Vito colocando sua família sempre em prioridade em seus negócio e do outro a ascensão de seu filho Michael herdando o legado de seu pai e que, diferente do pai, não é capaz de manter um equilíbrio entre a vida pessoal a profissional. Nem preciso mencionar a parte técnica, só destaque para a fotografia fantástica. Filme lindo, merecidamente marcado para a história.ps: a cena final 🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝🔝 
4563 Loneliness instead of family by way of Antonioni. If the first movie is a masterpiece of pace and structure, the second is a masterpiece of mood and theme. Absolutely devastating. 
4564  In strictly objective terms, I can completely understand why everyone seems to rate this film as one of the greatest if not the greatest film of all time. In this regard, I cannot deny that The Godfather and Part II are impeccably crafted and make it impossible to take your eyes away despite their very long runtimes. The two most standout aspects of the film are its composition and the performances. Each scene is blocked as meticulously as any stage…  
4565 Turns out family isn’t forever. This is thematically more interesting and has more depth than the first, but I still prefer the first one simply because I like the characters and central dynamic there more. I wish it would have focused more on the on the change in Michael and young Vito (really enjoyed the flashbacks) rather than spending so much time on the Cuba storyline, which while still enjoyable, is easily the weakest part of the film. Thankfully, it picks itself back up and goes off on a high note with the ending. Really leaves you with something to think about. 
4566 That was a whole lot to digest. I'm definitely going to need to see this again before I make a fully-formulated comment of any kind. Currently skewing positive (obviously) but I can't put my finger on any specifics except that I think I like the first one better. 
4567  I now know that I am more of a „Godfather part one-guy“.I really liked this movie!It did a lot right: The score is once again brilliant. Even better than in the first one. The great melancholic main theme is sometimes even worked into each scene, played by individual instruments, perfectly fitting to the situation.I really liked the two stories as well! Michaels story was masterfully continued and Vito Corleones younger self and what he did and whitnessed…  
4568 Ok, well, I definitely liked the first one more. This is still amazing though.Part II has a pretty pessimistic tone. The Godfather Trilogy is really just the story of the downfall of the Corleone family. Kind of a bummer.My "Holy Shit This Is Amazing Acting Award" goes to that scene between Michael and Kay. WOWZAAt this moment I feel no love for you at all. I never thought that could happen, but it has. 
4569  Just as amazing as the original. I don't think I liked this one more than The Godfather, instead I feel like it's just a continuation of the same film. Like how I view The Lord of the Rings as one huge epic. I think that's what Copolla was going for, too.Well, I've finally lost my Godfather virginity. It feels so good to finally get this movie off my watchlist- I put it on there the first day I joined…  
4570  Obviously this film deserves all the praise it gets, but I do have a problem with the pacing/editing of the story. I would like to have seen the entire Vitto story at the beginning of the film rather than interrupting the Michael story. I have never seen the chronological edit of the first two films together, but I do think that the extended edit may appeal to me, mostly because to my knowledge the Vitto origin story appears first. Now…  
4571 I'm convinced 99% of the people who left a 5 star review on Godfather movies would all fail a lie detector test. Tony Sopranos therapy sessions were more entertaining than this entire franchise. My family would kill me if they ever saw this rating. Just know I keep it funky motherfucker, better get it right 
4572  Und ich bin wieder fassungslos. Ich wusste noch, dass "The Godfather Part II" sehr stark war, aber wie stark, wusste ich nicht. Ich kann ohne Zweifel sagen, dass dies die beste Fortsetzung aller Zeiten ist. Es kann sogar sein, dass dieses Meisterwerk besser ist, als der erste Teil. Wie Coppola die Geschichte rund um die Corleone Familie weitererzählt, ist unmenschlich. Michael's langsamer Verfall des Wahnsinns ist so beeindruckend, faszinierend und dramatisch mitanzusehen. Al Pacino hätte es nicht besser spielen können…  
4573 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”The Godfather didn’t need a sequel, and before seeing it I never would have expected it to be on par with the first one. I could argue that this one is even better than the first, but how can it be better than an already perfect film? (The answer is Robert De Niro 😹🙏)I absolutely loved seeing De Niro playing a young Vito. My favorite actor playing one of my favorite…   
4574  “if anything in life is certain… if history has taught us anything… it is that you can kill anyone”there are some things in life that we will never have answers to. who actually killed kennedy? did we actually land on the moon? is water wet? is walt disney still alive? which godfather is the best?? there will never be a correct answer to this question. both are masterpieces and both have had a tremendous effect on the film industry.…  
4575 נקרעתי מהמבטא של דה נירו. 
4576  I’m not in the camp of thinking Part 2 is better than the first; the first film is the most innovative movie of all time, with its complex narrative of family relations and Italian immigrants coming to America at the turn of the century, its world of criminals and violence, and its many universal, relatable themes. Part 2 doesn’t have the same flow or immense build up, but it is an epic film as a continuation of that initial story.…  
4577 getting this outta the way before I get drafted 
4578 Kay I love you I will treat you like Michael never could 
4579 Next time you're in a Godfather mood, I recommend watching Part II first, where Michael is left with his own broken conscience at the end, gets lost in thought and remembers how "Pop" ran things- an idealized version of the 'golden age' of the Corleones. When they still had the muscle. When all accounts were settled for the family business. 
4580 Sin palabras.No sé qué decir para describir lo que acabo de ver.Gracias por hacerme pasar 3 horas y 22 minutos sin despegarme de la pantalla ni un sólo segundo. La interpretación de Al Pacino es de lo mejor que he visto hasta ahora en una película, se come las escenas sólo con la mirada.Dicen que las segundas partes nunca fueron buenas, pero a veces son mejores. 
4581 O bagulho é da pesada. 
4582 Al Pacino ate an orange the same way I used to eat them as a joke in the school cafeteria: biting through the peel. 
4583 Saw The Godfather for the first time a decade ago in high school and have seen it 3 times since. I really don’t know what took me so long to watch part2...but I now know what I was missing. This is incredible. Better than the first. Love the expansion of the ItalianAmerican lives and culture.An obvious masterpiece like everyone says. 
4584  this was outstanding on every level. al pacinos performance is absolutely haunting, how did he not win best actor?? i loved loved LOVED the ending, don’t even wanna watch part three cause i loved how this ended so much. needless to say the new years party scene was the best moment in the film for me also, a lottttt of people say this is better than the first. to me, they’re equally as good. however, i enjoyed the godfather way…  
4585 this is a vito corleone stan account till further notice 
4586 I saw the first movie probably over 10 times and i consider it an absolute classic, but i only saw the sequel once a long time ago and i forgot most of it so i felt it was time for a rewatch. I love how it blends so well with the first one it really does feel like an organic whole, but it also feels different enough and not just the same movie again. 
4587 “...this Sicilian thing, that’s been going on for 2000 year-“🤭“YOU WON’T TAKE MY CHILDREN!”😮68 people on Letterboxd gave The Godfather Part II a half a star. You people are dicks and probably voted for Harambe in 2016. 
4588 AFI Top 100 Club: boxd.it/1cOzaFilm #3- The Godfather Part III could talk for hours about how amazing this film is, but I just wanna say that the last 60 seconds before the intermission, is the greatest moment in film history. #noregretsA+ 
4589 *snoozes thru about 1 1/2 hrs of this*the only parts i cared about were robert deniro's srry(only given 3 stars bc i'm related to francis ford coppola, i owe him) 
4590 Until the intermission I was a little nonplussed, I think I missed Brando. The Landlord scene cheered me up though and Michael's failures and successes, along with his fathers, are a truly fascinating watch. What a character, what a performance. I’m going to man-up and brave Part 3. What a hero... 
4591 robert de niro as vito corleone, thats the review. 
4592 The Godfather: Part II walked so that Mamma Mia: Here We Go Again could fly 🙏🏻 
4593 Perfect. Absolutely perfect.  Robert De Niro 1974’s sexiest man alive?? 
4594 so many huge insane beautiful crowd scenes… incredible family study…. but most of all, Al Pacino wears a bunch of really chic silk scarves in this movie and I think this will inspire the shopping I’m planning on doing tomorrow 
4595 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   This masterpiece builds on the first. Michael removes him self further and further away from the hinir honorable and true man he once was. The final flashback scene highlights this gracefully. I also love that Kay got released from her love spell. She realized who her husband has become when she lost all love for him. Of course she knew all along, but she ignored it, for him. Her character went full circle. She got out but Michael went all…   
4596 I mean, this is just a masterpiece. Always kind of said the first movie and second were even for me but after the rewatch the second one just blows it out of the water. Unreal performance from Pacino. The story line with the background of Don Vito is just unreal as well. Genuinely think that this could easily be the best movie ever made. Godfather Part II, welcome to the top 4. 
4597 the ffc watch/rewatchathon begins… hoping it will speak a MEGALOPOLIS release date into existence. also just happy to rewatch masterpieces over the next few weeks, no reason to complain about that 🤷🏼‍♂️ 
4598 for the longest time i put off watching this movie. like years and years and years. the first one is just so astoundingly good, and conventional wisdom says that this one is even better, but for some reason i was still worries that i would be let down and it wouldn’t live up to the hype.uh anyway yeah this was really really incredible don’t know why i waited so long lol. 
4599 A better movie than the original. This is pretty much cinematic perfection. I had no pacing issues here. This had me from the first frame to the last. One thing. Why do the mafia always send old blokes to whack someone? it’s always some 70 year old with a hip replacement. 
4600 Just slightly better than Mamma Mia 2 
4601 feeling like the biggest film bro for consuming both movies today. I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.the way some random guy in my row literally quoted that as it happened… 
4602 confirmed it does indeed get better with each viewing, dense with insights on love/forgiveness and the corruption of man. al pacino’s performance and michael’s ruminations at the end struck me this watch—not sympathy but the beauty of recognizing his admirable traits that are used tragically for evil and confused as love for his family. cliche, but it did actually strengthen my love for true love in seeing its absence. as always i love tom hagen, himself broken in less noticeable ways too. can relate. can tragedy be beautiful in its skilled depiction? yes per chance 
4603  The continuing adventures of cinema’s favourite crime family. At minimum, this is probably the perfect sequel. It adds to the story, reconnects the audience with its characters and their lives all while expanding the universe in an impressive way. Throughout the film and the business involving Michael, flashbacks of Vito Corleone’s early life and career defining moments. This was my favourite part, I think it’s a clever commentary on the American story. Vito escaping a dangerous situation in Sicily, immigrating…  
4604 girlfather. godfailure 
4605 i read the book in high school and then watched the first and this one…i remember waiting and waiting for the subplot with the girl needs to make her vagina bigger to show up. do you guys know about that? i think it could’ve been in this one… 
4606 Shocked that Robert De Niro looked young at any point in his life 
4607 Plot/ theme ( 1.9/2 pt. )Main Actor(s) Acting ( 1.5/1.5 pt. )Other Actors Acting ( 1.5/1.5 pt. )Pace ( 1.9/2 pt. )Score ( 2/2 pt. )Cinematography ( 2/2 pt. )Dialogues ( 2/2 pt. )Ending ( 2/2 pt. )Personal Enjoyment ( 5/5 pt. )𝟏𝟗.𝟖/𝟐𝟎.𝟎= 𝟒.𝟓★Top Movie Ranking: boxd.it/jD4eQ 
4608 "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer." 
4609 é bom demais mas o primeiro tem muito meu coração 
4610  For years, I'd resisted the idea that The Godfather: Part II is equal to the first, or at least disagreed with the notion. I've always liked it a lot, but I remember seeing these films for the first time when I was about 15 (almost half a lifetime ago now!) and loving Part I while liking Part II (as for Part III? I've only seen it once, and there are elements I like. But I really do feel like the…  
4611  “My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close and your enemies closer.”I have finally done it. I have finally witnessed the masterful sequel to The Godfather in The Godfather Part II from the Legendary Francis Ford Coppola.Without a doubt, Part II is an arguably perfect film. But I think for me personally, The Godfather is for sure a perfect film. It’s arguably the best film…  
4612 “filmbro cinema” and it stars two of the most beautiful men of all time basked in warm, golden yellow cinematography 
4613 IMDB Top 250 Movie #4: The Godfather Part II Literally one of if not my favorite sequel of all time!! God, such an epic! I LOVE THE GODFATHER SAGA!!☺️☺️😮‍💨Robert DeNiro was a fantastic addition, and Al Pacino, phenomenal per usual:) 
4614 This story is so tragic and it’s so well done . Adds more character development and to the story which is what a perfect sequel does.  I enjoyed part 1 more though , Some parts in this just dragged a bit to long 
4615 Direção impecável, atuações impecáveis, roteiro impecável, trilha sonora impecávelO pq de eu não achar perfeito? Eu sinto que o 1° filme tem momentos mais marcantesMas ainda sim, este filme é SENSACIONAL"Eu sei que foi você Fredo" 
4616 I prefer the first, but this was still pretty great 
4617  All the richness of family & the Italian culture is stripped away for a heart shattering character study of Michael Corleone.The first ceremony in the movie shows how Italian culture has been abandoned for a more American way of doing things and that exists throughout the entire movie.Michael leaves his Italian roots behind to adopt a more commercial way of doing this or in his words turn the Corleone family into a legitimate business and there is the word "Business" I…  
4618 Doesn't quite reach the dramatic peaks of the first and isn't paced as well but the further elaboration on the characters and ideas is still effective and moving. Can see it growing on me a bit more on a rewatch but I think I click with the first more on a formal and dramatic level while understanding why some people might prefer this one. 
4619 this felt like 10 years long but it was a good 10 years. That’s all 
4620 The easiest 3 and a half hour watch in cinema history. It moves and flows with such an effortless grace, seamlessly transitioning between different characters, different countries, and different generations. There isn't a wasted moment, there isn't a bad scene. The last half hour is just transcendent, especially that beautiful little flashback coda.The best films feel like old friends, and Godfather Part II is one of my oldest and dearest. Fun fact: in maybe 20-30 viewings of this film over the years, I never clocked a young Harry Dean Stanton as one of the FBI agents before. How is that even possible? 
4621  Can’t believe this whole movie is about a guy ****ing his own brother.You know, I used to be really disappointed that Marlon didn’t return for the very end. I used to think that was the only thing keeping this from being a perfect movie. And as much as it would’ve made my heart grow to see Vitto walk through that door, hearing the grandchildren yell and seeing the entire family—except Michael—rush out to see him…the fact that that towering…  
4622  "It was a son, Michael! A son! And I had it killed because this all must end!"I enjoyed this a lot more than its predecessor. The problems with pacing and tediousness (this movie absolutely did not need to be 3 and a half hours long) were still there, but unlike the first one there's a new depth and complexity to everything that keeps you more engaged. The story is more interesting, the visuals more meaningful, and the characters more…  
4623  “I’m trying, darling.”There’s a strong argument to be made about this being the greatest film of all time, and while that’s been discussed to death at this point, something I feel doesn’t get discussed enough with this film is how relentlessly miserable it is. This is one of the loneliest and most depressing films I’ve ever come across. Michael smiles for only one singular moment throughout the film’s perfectly paced 200 minute runtime. His expression is so cold, desolate…  
4624  “keep your friends close but your enemies even closer“This is the best 3 hour + movie I have ever seen, even though I do think it’s not as good as it’s predecessor it’s still an absolute masterpiece. The story telling in this is magnificent the transitions between Don and Michael were perfectly executed while I do think Michael’s story was amazing, but I did enjoy Don’s story a little bit more.Al Pacino really is one of the best…  
4625 This is one of the best movies I’ve ever seen. 
4626 It is as good as they say. The character development, especially for Michael and Tom, is the best in the entire sequel. The cinematography reaches its peak in this movie, and the ending is beautifully done, both sad and intense. It did feel slow at times, but it's a 10. 
4627 The Nepobaby: Part II (i genuinely could not give a flying f*ck about anything that happens in this) 
4628 Successor 🙌 
4629  And after Part I, comes the end to the greatest film to ever be made, The Godfather: Part II. Usually combined with the first, and though of as one film, The Godfather: Part II does something that hasn't, and likely won't be done again, that being the perfect sequel.You might think to yourself how one could create something so perfect, that goes along with something so extraordinarily, but I have the answer, and it's Francis Ford Coppola. Part II…  
4630 Best sequel ever created. 
4631 My beautiful italian princess michael corleone🤭All jokes aside, this is literally a masterpiece. 
4632 I can fix him… 
4633 esse fredo igual ao manoel gomes vsff 
4634 “in my home, in my bedroom where my wife sleeps, where my children come and play with their toys” lives were changed 
4635  “I don’t feel I have to wipe everyone out Tom. Just my enemies.”As far as I know, most people may think I dislike this movie when they look at my rating. That’s just how the internet works. So I’d like to clarify, I THINK THIS MOVIE IS GOOD. Personally, I like the first film more than this one. In my humble opinion, the first film is in a small category of films that are the closest possible thing to…  
4636 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   This may be a somewhat hot take, but I don't think The Godfather: Part II is superior to the first film. There's much to love it about it, particularly everything to do with Robert De Niro's young Vito, but the pacing almost kills it for me. Aside than a few exceptions (i.e Peter Jackson's Lord of the Rings Trilogy), I groan at the sight of any film that goes for over three hours. However, this is the only reason why…   
4637 AL PACINO!!!!WHOLE MOVIE WAS JUST SOMETHING ELSE.BUT THE FIRST 40 MINUTES OF THE MOVIE IS THE BEST PART FOR ME.THE AMOUNT OF DRAMA PUT IN THERE IS JUST COMMENDABLE..THE BEST SEQUEL EVER..AL PACINO DOESNT KNOW HOW TO EAT ORANGES.FR.. 
4638  “You can never lose your family.”“Times are changing.”Obviously, cinematographer Gordon Willis is an undeniable part of the success of the Godfather films. The first two films changed the way that movies could look, with their use of shadow and sharp contrast.However, it’s interesting how the two films manage to look similar and distinct. Willis uses the same shadows and silhouettes for the sequel, but The Godfather, Part II is an appreciably and intentionally colder movie than the…  
4639  if I could give this more than five stars I would. every word of praise, every title of acclaim is not one bit undeserved. while I enjoyed every second of this on my first watch, I hadn’t watched nearly enough films or tv shows to compare it to anything else and while I still have lots more to watch, revisiting this with a more refined palate it is so apparent why an enormous legacy has followed this trilogy. every other…  
4640  I'm not in the camp that thinks this is one of the sequels that is better than the original as I actually prefer Part I. It's still one of the best sequels ever though. The acting is tremendous from pretty much everyone and De Niro really nails young Vito. The direction and cinematography are great and I really like the different settings and it was probably pretty novel at the time to do a film that is part prequel and…  
4641 fantastic white lotus prequel! 
4642 Guy who’s only ever seen Succession watching The Godfather Part II: getting major Succession vibes from this 
4643 Hurt people hurt people.At this point my heart just aches for Michael. This wasn't the future that he envisioned for himself. Let me tell you, that final shot and the scene before it with the flashback BROKE MY HEART. 
4644 how am i suppose to act normal seeing young robert and al for in the span of 202 minutes. 
4645 Tied with T2 for the best sequel ever made. 
4646 Insane that this is only the second-best film Coppola released in 1974 
4647 “my offer is this…. nothing!”holy fuck. that was one hell of a sequel and i even ended up liking it better than the first one. al pacino acted his ass off i hope that man won an oscar. once again this movie did not feel like 3 hours at all to me and the whole time i was just thinking about how much i would want to see this in theaters and it’s so sick and twisted how it will probably never happen. ☹️☹️ 
4648  Darker and sadder than the first Godfather, Part II depicts both the moral devolution of Michael Corleone and, in flashbacks, the rise of his father, Vito Corleone. Francis Ford Coppola masterfully blends the two stories together into one film. As Roger Ebert points out in his essay in The Great Movies III, Vito Corleone, despite being a ruthless mafia boss, is a sympathetic character in The Godfather and in Part II. In comparison, Michael, while sympathetic in the first film,…  
4649  It’s fitting in many ways to revisit this on the night of the final episode of Better Call Saul. The American anti-hero, whether we call him Tony Soprano, Don Draper, Walter White, or even Saul “Slippin’ Jimmy” Goodman, is almost always made in the image of the original: Michael Corleone. Whatever it takes to get them ahead in life, no matter how unjustly the cards were stacked against them, there’s an equal price that’s paid at home. As Vito sagely…  
4650  Keep your friends close, but your enemies closerNever thought Coppola could ever top GF 1, but he really did. This film is simply flawless. The plot, the score, the dialogue and the transitions between Michael and young Vito were divine. De Niro was perfect for the role, and the past events of young Vito takes this film from a 9/10 to a 10/10. Al Pacino’s performance was remarkable, even better than the first film for me. This film is really…  
4651  “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”I had originally intended to watch this film almost straight after seeing Part I, but, considering the fact that it’s 3 hours and 20 minutes long, I just didn’t have the time. Also, similar to how I felt before watching the first film, I found the long runtime very off-putting.Although I did have a few issues with the pacing, on the whole I’d say that this film was worth the watch.…  
4652 Vale la pena desvelarse por esta joya, como me duele no haber podido verla en cines cuando estaba, lástima que duraron una semana por donde vivo.Aún así, gran película, una de las mejores secuelas del cine si no es que la mejor. 
4653  Really enjoyed part 1 but I found this pretty redundant.What killed me were the flashbacks. To me at least, the choice to mix Vito's youth with Michael's present time was a mistake, felt so disjointed. Not to mention the choppy italian that populated these scenes. We already saw a whole movie of Michael becoming Don, why do we need to thematically go back again and tell the story of Kid Vito? I get that the movie tries to show…  
4654 every time i see this i forget that michael is the villain. 
4655 could write a 20 page essay about how attractive robert de niro is in this film 
4656  I’ve seen The Godfather 4 or 5 times in my life, but I had never seen Part II. For no real reason; I liked the first film a lot, but never got around to the sequel. I rewatched the original yesterday while nursing a wicked hangover, so I decided to finally catch up on the sequel today. And I gotta say, it’s a pretty great movie. The Godfather Part II improves on some of the small imperfections of the original. It feels like…  
4657 Well I didn’t think it could be done, but this was somehow better than the first which was extremely rare. This is a very long movie without a doubt, but it’s one of those long movies that manages to keep your interest throughout so you really don’t notice the run time. Also the film has some incredible cinematography, some of the best I’ve seen, and again some fantastic performances throughout. If you haven’t seen this I highly recommend, this will definitely end up in my top 30. 
4658 The first film set the bar so high that starting Sequels Month on 70mm with this feels right. But is it better than the first? We’ll discuss. 
4659 al pachichi we love youuu 
4660 it’s all in the eyes 
4661 the GOATfather 
4662 Clemenza's rug. And look what it leads to. It kicks off a Santino temper tantrum. And look where that leads to. 
4663 Remains the best film of all time. Seeing this in cinema was such an amazing experience that I feel so fortunate to have had. Also I swear De Niro's Vito is the perfect man 
4664 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Your father has big plans for you. Mikey, he has high hopes for you.’                                        - Tom HagenThe final shot of The Godfather: Part II focuses in on the aged, harrowed face of Michael Corleone, the Don of his Family. As the saga ends, he sits overlooking a lake on his property, anguished, and is reminded of times with his father…   
4665 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Empires rise and empires fall. Whereas the rise of the Corleone family may be simple; a killing here, a killing there, the slow demise is complex, with Michael grasping at fragile webs of power, slung between deceit and betrayal. His feeble attempts to legitimise the family, drive them apart, as he shows that not even family is safe from business. The Godfather: Part II is a chess match, and whilst Michael may end up playing the winning moves for a checkmate, it costs him pawns, knights and ultimately his queen.  
4666  Ahh la segunda vez que veo esta película y es la segunda vez que me deja sin palabras, poder ver esta película en cines fue increíble, obviamente la mayoría de personas en la sala sabíamos lo que hiba a suceder, pero por lo menos para mi, se siguió sintiendo la misma emoción de la primera vez.Siempre he dicho que la actuación de Al Pacino es increíble a lo largo de toda la saga, pero ahora que la veo por…  
4667 Vito Corleone, el personaje con mayor integridad ética de la historia del cine 
4668 Fuck drugs , i just need to watch Godfather to get highhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh. 
4669 What can you say about a movie that has deservedly received all the compliments in the world, other than MAGNIFICENT, AMAZING, WONDERFUL, FANTASTIC, ASTONISHING? Simply PERFECT. 
4670 The only way I could learn any of the characters’ names is by nicknaming them a type of pasta that sounds close to their name 
4671 starting this year with michael corleone, happy new year 
4672 These are both perfect and I will not choose which I prefer. Some fantastic cinema. I can't say anything anyone else has not stated better. 
4673 😍 Robert De Niro 😍😍😍 Al Pacino 😍😍 
4674 i could fix him but i won’t because i like him just the way he is 
4675 vito taking his whole family across the world just to kill a man is the hottest thing in cinema 
4676 michael corleone please make me an offer I cannot refuse on Thursday I am free this Thursday, would you like to hang out this Thursday, when I am free? 
4677 wow, this was phenomenal…leagues above the first one for me. cazale stole every scene he was in, pacino was incredible (no surprises there) 
4678 La verdad no sé que decir, me gustó mucho la película pero si me pareció que es un poco larga.Me encantó ver la forma en la que nos van contando la historia de Vito y Michael al mismo tiempo, nos muestran una dualidad muy interesante.Me pareció curiosa la historia de Vito Corleone y de como pasó a ser un inmigrante al ser uno de los capos más importantes de la Mafia estadounidense. 
4679  Vieles entwickelt sich hier sehr parallel zu seinem Vorgänger nur mit neu verteilten Positionen. Michael ist der neue Pate, ein Verräter wird gesucht und Rache praktiziert. Etwas veräppelt kann man sich schon vorkommen, wenn dazu die Vergangenheit von Vito (k)eine große Rolle spielt. Die Backstory eines verstorbenen Charakters wird über große Teile des Films erzählt und ein Payoff scheint mir nicht ersichtlich. Möglich scheint mir, dass ein Zyklus sozialer Vererbung gezeigt werden soll: Die Geschichte von Vito beginnt mit Blut,…  
4680  Heavy is the head that wears the crown.If Part I serves as an exposition for Michael's origin story as the next Godfather, then Part II is the dreadful unraveling of the consequences to the circumstances into which Michael was born.I've elected to rewatch parts I and II in preparation to rid the very bottom of my watchlist of Part III, though I've heard it's subpar. The thematic importance of family intrigues me; I eagerly/pitifully anticipate to see the…  
4681 Robert De Niro!😍 
4682 a 3,5 hour long movie just about how hot al pacino and robert de niro is 
4683 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   This is the best sequel of all time. I personally prefer The Godfather to The Godfather Part II, but you are picking from two top 25 all time movies. It's crazy to think Sofia Coppola's dad made 3 of the of the best movies of all time.I won't dive too deep on a movie that has years of material out to read, listen to, and watch. I will say I enjoy how Coppola explores Micheal's transformation into an "American"…   
4684 Watching all Best Picture Winners in random order. I seriously cannot decide if I like Part 1 or Part 2 better. They are both masterpieces and are some of the greatest movies ever made. Nothing more really needs to be said at this point about these movies.boxd.it/aR13M 
4685  “I don’t feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.”Like I already mentioned in my review of The Godfather, I don’t agree with the popular opinion that Part II is better than the original.The screenplay is a hot mess. It’s both a prequel and a sequel at the same time, and is essentially two films stuffed in one. I understand that the point here is to juxtapose the fall of the Corleone family under Michael’s destructive reign with Vito building…  
4686 The only thirst watch that makes me look cultured 
4687 Maybe someday I can see the recut of the first two films that puts everything in order. Until then I'll continue loving the Michael stuff here and getting slightly annoyed when it cuts back to Vito's rise, which might make a fine film on its own but disrupts the more intriguing present day. 
4688 a cursed lineage. even the act of american authority assigning the name “corleone” to vito, over his birth name, carries major weight in that regard. corleone is the town where vito was born. it’s where his whole family was killed. it’s where the hex was placed; on the lawn of don cici’s mansion. cici himself declares the inevitability of vito’s existence, exactly as it occurs years later. it’s a part of him forever. doomed.cinema operating at its highest power. 
4689  Road to CodaToppling perfection isn’t an easy task. Sequels, though mostly not the case, are always expected to top the original. So when the idea of surpassing a film like ‘The Godfather’ arises, it’s practically impossible. But it’s been done. Francis Ford Coppola not only made the most flawless sequel known to man, but the absolute greatest piece of film ever put to the silver screen. 202 minutes and I never lost my involvement into the film. It’s truly an…  
4690 Not as cinematographically gripping as the first, but still wonderfully written and brilliantly performed. DeNiro makes a welcome appearance as young Vito - a character made iconic by Brando - but Al Pacino steals the show with all his captivating nuance. The story unfolds in deceptive directions, with betrayal at every turn and secrecy in every step, leading to dead ends for some characters and the edge of a cliff for others, trapped by their own desires and hunger for power, only to be killed like a piece on a chess board - with the Godfather pulling all the strings. I give this film an A4 
4691 '74 robert de niro... i'm free any day of the week to have as many sons as you need 
4692  Still blows 1 out of the water every time for me. It just feels like a much more potent examination of power. The Cuba subplot and the senate subcommittee  hearing really cement this for me. Michael giving Fredo that kiss “I knew it was you” just as the rebels are storming Havana. It’s like how long can you steal from people before you face the consequences? It shows you the decadence of Batista’s Cuba completely fall apart in an instant,…  
4693 𝘎𝘰𝘥𝘧𝘢𝘵𝘩𝘦𝘳 𝘍𝘢𝘤𝘵𝘴 #103To keep the rapid Al Pacino from screaming over other actor's lines, Frances Ford Coppola had him place a half dozen live mice inside his mouth during takes.This of course lead to the famously improvised "Rat Puking Scene", which many consider to be the reason for Pacino's Oscar win for Best Male Animal Handler. 
4694 I am speechless, one of the best movies I’ve ever seen. Pure, sacred, flawless and stunning piece of art. 
4695  "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer"The perfect sequel and follow-up to the legendary The Godfather. A story circling around family, business, and legacy. Immaculately directed, beautifully shot, and edited to feel comfortably paced (despite it's 3+ hour runtime). The runtime is necessary and valid. There, I said it. The beautiful score aids the emotional beats throughout, creating polar atmospheres highlighting the visceral ups and downs of the story.Al Pacino turns in a powerful, moving performance, stepping…  
4696 how did al not win for his performance in this film i hate the academy 😟 
4697 Re-watched with the first one. Astonishing as always but this time around I’m able to say definitively that, for me, the first one is the Best Film Ever rather than this one. 
4698 recently learned that whenever an orange appears on screen it’s to foreshadow a death or near death situation involving the corleone family and i really love that hidden aspect of the films. 
4699 It's a little bit too long but man The Godfather is a gorgeous & ambitious piece of filmmaking. I enjoyed Part I's pacing a little more but this is still a really great film overall. Beautiful cinematography, performances and direction make this a real winner. 
4700 A pesar de que me gustó más ligeramente la primera, esta es igual de buena, todo lo positivo de la primera entrega se encuentra presente en esta segunda. La historia de Don Vito desde niño hasta que consigue ser quien era antes de morir es lo que más me gustó, y también que vemos completamente como Michael se pasa al lado malvado. 
4701 COVID-19. Self-quarantine movie watch #254.This is probably the most chaotic one out of the three and it still is an amazing sequel. Something that is rare to say. Still, it is still not my taste.Al Pacino is awesome here. 
4702  My hottest Godfather take is that it's supposed to be pronounced "Jodfather"My favorite character is Vito's assistant because he has a HUGE fuckin hatI always go back and forth on which Godfather I like more, because the first one is so clean and constant, but the sequel is a straight-up Biblical EPIC. The whole thing is structured as this whole Old Testament/New Testament thing, and the scene where Michael tells Fredo that someone has betrayed him and there…  
4703 While most of the times sequels are just cheap reasons to generate more money for a studio, I think this is one of the greatest sequels ever made, both technically and historically.Every shot, every frame... it feels like everything in this movie was carefully planned and executed, resulting in an exquisite cinematic experience. The score naturally flows and helps giving life to the movie. From the origins of The Godfather himself, to the empire his son had to take care of, this film is a trip back in time and a poem to cinema. 
4704 honestly wish there was something higher than 5 stars cos i rated the first one 5/5 but i think somehow this one manages to be even better al pacino is so pretty in this and for what 
4705 i know i rave about how perfect al pacino’s performance in this is, but I will not discourage robert de niro’s A M A Z I N G performance. flawless movie with some of the most memorable scenes in cinema 
4706 Don’t broke your brother’s heart, Fredo 
4707 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The perfect sequel. I had high expectations for this movie and Francis Ford Coppola went OFF I mean I love how the scenes go from Michael Corleone’s time to Vito Corleone’s time. I thought I was gonna be confused but it was such a great addition to the movie.I’m gonna gush for a while because Robert De Niro did so GOOD I mean when he spoke the entire movie in a Sicilian dialect... mr worldwide 😍😍😍I read somewhere…   
4708 i know michael is a bad bitch bc he ate an orange as if it were an apple 
4709  I will need much time, rest, and possibly tranquilizers to recover from these two films. Thank God I now have had the pleasure to consume them. How Coppola was able to create and master this material as he did is simply legendary: majestic. Proof that Italians do it better? I'd be remiss not to concur.Staggering beauty and daunting composition in each shot, all weaved into two intertwining narratives: past and present. De Niro an Pacino really whack these roles…  
4710 Perfection as always. 
4711 The best sequel ever made? 
4712 No doubt about it, The Godfather Part II is marginally better than Part I in my humble opinion. Because of the extra 20 minutes, the film has extra time to flesh out the characters even more, which definitely shows. Everybody was stronger in this film than in the first. This might actually be the best Best Picture. But because I liked it so much, I don’t really want to watch Part III because I think I’m gonna be sorely disappointed. 
4713 An excellent sequel that is very nearly-equal to the original, and mandatory viewing immediately after watching the first. 
4714 Really showcases how amazing Coppola is both as a director and a writer. 
4715 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The rise of the Godfather, and the fall of his son. Two different stories interwoven with different tones for contrasting effect. If I had to pick one, I enjoyed Vito's story more for it's simplicity and memorable scenes. It starts off pulling no punches with Vito's mother sacrificing herself for him, creating Vito's beliefs of family over everything. Then the immigration scenes which I thought were beautifully shot, had me reflecting about my own grandpa's journey from Italy. The beginning…   
4716 Just gets better. They should put it in a museum alongside the Ark of the Covenant. Nino Rota's score kills over and over. Vito and Michael waving from the train in Sicily accompanied by the faded theme, quieter, stringing out, coming apart. The tragedy of our times. They'll study it in 300 years. 
4717 it must be said: the sequel outdid the first film 
4718 I have seen The Godfather: Part II twice this year in theaters, and three times overall. It truly never gets old for me, and each time I watch it I find more things to appreciate.Al Pacino should have won an Oscar, and I will say this until the day I die. 
4719 I feel like a nutcase not giving this a 5, but I think I need another watch to get it there. This is obviously a masterclass in filmmaking, every department cranked up to a 10/10. There’s just a ton in the film that is hard to get a hold of with just one watch, so while I just can’t get it to the 5 yet I’m sure it will next time I see it. I’d say I prefer the first film more right now but again that’s subject to change, either way this is still a masterpiece. 
4720 The best sealed moral world ever captured on film where the only crime is disloyalty. 
4721  “Keep your friends close and your enemies closer”In terms of Dramas, cinematically, this is it, this is the peak of what cinema has to offer as far as I’m concerned. This movie is definitely the best written, directed, and acted drama I’ve ever seen. Superior to the first, Inferior in one Marlon Brando department, more on that later. The adapted screenplay here, is not a simple one to understand on first viewing and I think I missed some things,…  
4722 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   (Viewed a restored 35mm print.)These movies are pickled in a queasy brine-- hubris, blood, acrimony, nostalgia.To me this wasn't two separate stories at all, but rather a single narrative about a son coming to terms with his role as his father's successor, contemplating a younger version of his father who he admires and wants to emulate, while his own life proves more toxic and complex, until he ultimately realizes that the version he imagined doesn't reflect reality, and…   
4723 💫 Cinema Studies Catalogue Entry 💫THE GODFATHER PART 2What’s the big deal:A triumph of a sequel, with enough crime drama to be considered great on its own. What parts are usually studied:The way these gangsters meet death is seen as a interconnected web of socio-political sabotage. The many variables collide to restore justice in the sense of retribution.  How important:Very, but watch the first one ☝️ For the complete Film Studies list click boxd.it/2qJdg 
4724 This sequel is better than the original. The plot is more coherent without sacrificing tension or drama, the characters are deeper, the structure is more creative and gripping, and the film is more of an emotional ride overall. The Godfather: Part II is truly a masterpiece. 
4725 this right here is a masterpiece just like young al pacino 
4726 (Gives Fredo the failson nod whenever he appears on screen) 
4727 i don't feel i have to wipe everybody out, tom. just my enemies. i unintentionally watched 30 minutes of the movie in french because of netflix, i had selected the english version but obviously it wasn't i feel personally attacked,,, i was like "oh they can also speak french with no accent ? trilingual" 
4728  Big step up from the first, though this has no right to be as long as it is.I'll never forget an otherwise insufferable high school classmate of mine adroitly observing the massive gulf between his privileged, American teen fuck up existence, and the lives of his grandparents who were survivors of the Armenian genocide. That's basically what this movie is about. The American dream isn't so much an identifiable process as it is the byproduct of the impoverished and…  
4729 Fredo to Micheal: Okay. I know you're mad, but before you say anything, yes, we screwed up. And yes, you warned us. And yes, I don't know where I'm going with this. But I do know this: I have reached the end of my sentence. 
4730 Life goals and achievements:[✔] Being born[✔] Move to another city[✔] Be independent[✔] Write more[✖] Travel more[✖] Watch 2,000 movies[✔] Watch The Godfather II[❓] Watch The Godfather III(Should I leave it at that?) 
4731 Don't ever try to say "My offer is....nothing" when you leave your wallet when buying groceries. You try to look tough like Michael but end up looking like Fredo instead. Word of Advice 
4732 I'm Michael with my anxiety and sensitive issues always thinking in my room. 
4733 Find me the person that genuinely dislikes The Godfather: Part II, and I'll, well, be pretty damn shocked you found that person.Well done. 
4734 Sonny Wortzik kissed Sal Naturale on the lips 
4735 michael corleone is that bitch 
4736  I guess that was a little over due. Coppola's epic is probably an example of a film that contains the upper limit of flaws, but I would still call it a masterpiece. It's an incredibly smooth film, paced like it knew from the get-go that it would go on to be one of the best films in the history of the medium, Coppola never distances himself too far from what goes on on screen, the performances are obviously incredible and…  
4737  If The Godfather is a festive three-course meal at your favorite restaurant with your loved ones, then The Godfather Part II is an all-out lavish affair at a country club with endless appetizers, a generous display of desserts, sparkling china, open bar, champagne refills, and with dozens upon dozens of people you haven't seen since your cousin's wedding 15 years ago. You can say one is better than the other, but why? They are different beasts. Personally I prefer quieter…  
4738 A near-perfect continuation of the first movie. I really missed Marlon Brando but the flashbacks with Robert De Niro made up for it. Deciding on if I should watch Part III or just leave it. 
4739 larger in scope and ambition, Godfather II manages to improve on fantastic and make the classic first film look like a soap opera. here Coppola is let loose and he has made his masterpiece and definitive statement on the Coreleone saga. I can only imagine what the studio thought as he said he was going to intercut a prequel story featuring a then barely known Deniro as young Vito. It's a miracle the film works as well it does and still does. 
4740  The dialogue? Superb.The score? Mesmerising.The cinematography? To die for.There is pretty much all praise from here on in. I'm finding it hard to come up with a flaw for this cinematic landmark and I'm coming to the conclusion that there isn't one. Miles better than the first one (and I mean that in a good way) exploring the lives of both Michael's and Vito's story lines, I found myself invested through the whole 200 minute run time.…  
4741 When I watch 1, I think that’s the better picture When I watch 2, I think that’s the better picture Must mean they are both excellent 5/5 
4742 OKAY, AND NOW I LOVE YOUNG VITO CORLEONE 
4743 The sheer range of pitch black to gorgeous natural light is breathtaking with a real print. 
4744 Ofc I had to rewatch it before going to Sicily 
4745  Watched as a miniseries. Sorry, y'all, it had to be done. I was very surprised this is 3.5 hours, you're telling me all these people be out here making fun of long movies and one of the consensus pick greatest of all times is 3.5 hours? Smells like a bunch of bs to me.But it worked surprisingly well as a miniseries. Since there isn't much rush to the narrative as it jumps between the past and the present, it…  
4746  Al Pacino, you are cinema. 🤵🏻‍♂️Me perdoe quem considera essa opinião um crime, mas pra mim esse é o melhor. Já no começo me prendeu com a história do Vito e logo após vem a sequência de frieza do Michael se tornando Don Corleone. Meu Deus, meu Deus!!!! O Robert De Niro foi incrível interpretando o Vito mais novo, os trejeitos e principalmente a forma de falar… na cena que o vendedor da as laranjas de graça pra ele,…  
4747 no hay vez que el plano de Michael sentado solo en la mesa al final no me ponga la piel de gallina hasta en el orto. 
4748 Der Pate 2 erhält "nur" 4,5 von mir beim First Watch.Ich bin ein alter Geizkragen und außerdem hat der erste Teil noch mehr Momente, die sich in meine Netzhaut gebrannt haben. Nichtsdestotrotz ist das filmisch gesehen absolut brilliant.Inszenatorisch wie musikalisch ein Upgrade zu Kapitel 1 der Mafiachronik.Dafür halte ich die Schauspieler und Bildsprache in Teil 1 für einen Ticken eindrucksvoller. Jedoch hat Teil 2 diese shakespearische Tragik ist aber durch die Vielzahl an Plotlines nicht so stringent und 25 Minuten länger wie Teil 1. Nur die Zeit wird sagen können, welchen Teil ich bevorzuge. 
4749 I watched this on an airplane and after the plane landed the guy behind me said to his friend, "did you see that kid was watching The Godfather? pretty cool!" So, yeah, pretty cool. 
4750 Spoiler alert he eats an unpeeled orange like an apple 
4751  “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart.”oh, 2023, what a year. i think i’m becoming picky with the movies i decide to end my year with. last year was the fabelmans as 2022 was the year i truly embraced my love of film and made some great friendships cause of it. this year i thought it was only fitting to end with the godfather part ii—and not just because of the iconic…  
4752  Top 50 Reely Bernie FavesThe original is not always the superior movie when compared to its successor. True, it introduced the characters arcs, motifs, and overall tone, but when given a second chance, the sequel is born out of cleaner execution, unexpected risks, and an added ethical dilemma for the viewer’s conscience.Take The Godfather: Part II (1974).Every ounce of Mafioso culture that is romanticized and glorified in the original The Godfather (1972) is deconstructed into betrayal, corruption,…  
4753 je prefere le gayporn explorer 
4754 for both of these films, my jaw dropped as soon as the credits started rolling, that doesn't happen to me a lot. but holy shit both times when the movie ended it felt so weird because I could watch 3.5 more hours of whatever coppola wants to dofor the movie itself, yeah this is better than the first, and while the I have these closely rated, i definitely prefer part 2michael corleone's character arc has to be one of the greatest in movie history, the amount of dread and emptiness al pacino is able to convey is incredible 
4755 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Kraj savršen– Majkl izdaje porodicu prvi put kad izabere da gine za svoju zemlju umesto za njih, svoju krv, a drugi i poslednji put kad polako ali sigurno umesto njih izabere biznis, uzrokujući da ostane skoro potpuno sam. Pozicioniranje scene iz srećnijih vremena u kojoj im saopštava da ide u vojsku na sam kraj filma, nakon što smo videli u šta se pretvorio zbog stavljanja biznisa i sujete ispred njih, je tako jednostavan ali genijalan potez; ispadne odličan retroaktivni nagoveštaj svega što dolazi.  
4756 might have to rewatch . idk 
4757 A year and a month later and I’ve finished my list of the top 250 movies on Letterboxd. I’ll be watching Adam Sandler and Will Ferrell movies from here on out. 
4758 wishing i was that orange right now 
4759 Would give 100/5 if I could 
4760  So I am just done watching The Godfather: Part II and it was… not masterful. It is fucking cinematic artistry. My fucking god… I am speechless. It is much better then the first movie in almost every single way. I love the first one and it’s more iconic. But this is more dramatic, dark and tragic. It is truly a Shakespeare tragedy. Let’s get into the pros.Al Pacino delivers probably the most subtle yet loud performance I’ve ever seen…  
4761 תמיד מצאתי את ההקבלה בין מייקל לויטו גם בסנדק המקורי והיא הרגישה שם לא פחות רחבה מזו שכאן, אז הסיקוול לא ממש מרגיש לי הכרחי מהבחינה הזאת (מה גם שאני מרגיש שהמעברים בין הסיפורים תמיד קצת לא במקום, אפילו שאני ממש ממש אוהב את הסיפור של דה נירו). אני חושב שגם היוצרים הבינו את זה באיזשהו מקום והחליטו לא ממש לנסות ופשוט לתת יותר אקשן ויותר ביזנס עכשיו כשכל הדמויות וכל העולם הזה ממש fully established. יש רגעים שמרגישים מיותרים ויש רגעים שכשנגמרו קלטתי שהפסקתי לנשום אז אני קצת מפולג ומתקשה לתת ציון, אבל לא תמיד צריך לסכם חוויה עם מספרים.. 
4762  I don’t think it’s as airtight as the original in every scene and every aspect. But this movie is big and it’s ambitious. And honestly I was more engaged with this one’s story than the last, as perfect as the plot was in the original. I missed Marlon Brando a lot but I was so impressed by how well DeNiro and Coppola worked together to pull off a younger Vito that felt authentic to that iconic performance. And it would…  
4763 betraying michael corleone must be hard what if he gives you the kiss of death and you get a boner 
4764  Just.. wow. Getting to watch this in theatre is honestly just a blessing. You catch onto so much, and seeing it in such a close vicinity to part 1 really makes you spot parallels. In the editing, storytelling or just how certain shots are framed. Also how the subtle flashes of incredible writing and acting pass you by so quickly.But I’ve moved my rating of this film from a 4★ to 5★. As when I was younger I remember…  
4765  fantastican film smrzo se ko picka u zvezdi. strava film stvarno strava bas je gangsterski viskontijev gepard i jel ono hari din stenton. da ono je hari din stenton jbt. najjace paris texas vibes ima ovaj film. da sramota me je sto sam u 19 godina prvi put pogledao ovaj film u celini. fantastican al me je ostavio sa nekim osecajem da bi bio bolji kad bi trajao 6-7 sati, kao da nije ispricano sve sto treba da se isprica…  
4766 De Niro wearing a baker boy hat... if that doesn't make you wanna watch it, then i don't know what will! 
4767 Watched this the way Coppola intended: with my father snoring loudly beside me. 
4768 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I love the narrative and storytelling devices present in this prequel/sequel. It’s almost more of a tragedy than the first film, as Michael has fallen now to the vices he so vehemently rejected at Connie’s wedding…Two highlighted scenes I’d like to mention are Fredo and Michael’s final full conversation in the room overlooking the lake. We lost John Cazale too soon. And of course, Kay revealing the truth about the abortion is impressively acted. Diane Keaton is and always…   
4769 May be an unpopular opinion but I think that this is better than the first one 
4770  So no one ever bothered to tell me that Robert De Niro used to look like this??? All this time I thought he just looked like the guy from Meet the Fockers but no, he looked like THAT? Wow. Unbelievable. Those cheekbones. Those legs, my God. You know when he did the classic De Niro face where his mouth goes like :-( ?? I had to pause it because it was honestly too much. So hot. Anyway, aside from Hot…  
4771  I’m sorry film community. It’s good obviously but there’s just something about it that doesn’t grab me. You know how people say “a movie can be technically perfect but if it doesn’t grab you then you can only praise it so much”? I think that applies for me here. I don’t even know what it is about mafia movies. On paper I should be entertaining as hell by these. The kinds of story beats that happen, the way they’re tonally…  
4772  Voglio dedicare la mia prima recensione a questo film, essendo forse il mio preferito tra tutti.Quando si parla di The Godfather, spesso si pensa ad uno dei tanti gangster alla Scorsese. Ed è qui che secondo me ci si sbaglia: The Godfather è molto di più. Parliamo di un'opera che fornisce un'analisi profonda di quella che è la figura del sovrano, dell'uomo di potere dei giorni nostri: da una parte le responsabilità sociali del leader, dall'altra quelle umane e…  
4773 warum habe ich so lange gebraucht, um mir den endlich anzuschauen? danke fürs ständige erinnern, milena! 
4774 “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”The Godfather Part II is not only the greatest sequel ever made but the greatest sequel that will ever be made. It cannot be topped. Michael Corleone is the American King Lear. He sits alone in the final scene of the film, a hollow shell of a man.Best Picture Winners, Ranked 
4775 this is just as good as part 1 but its just personal preference 
4776 This was way more personal and emotional than the first one. And I actually like the first part more? 
4777 Not as good as The Amazing Spiderman 2 
4778 Continually astounded by De Niro and Cazale in this. 
4779 al pachino hot 
4780 Some guy got up and started yelling at the woman next to him that she had a low IQ or something? I love the film forum! Very cool. 
4781 I think the first one is the better film of the two, but I might enjoy this one a little more. John Cazale is the MVP here. 
4782 the fucking scene with the fredo in the dysfunctional chair and michael is all like "you're nothing to me now. you're not a brother" 😩 
4783 For whatever reason, I tend to favor the second movie in most trilogies, and without question, that trend now applies to The Godfather Part II (I'm sure Part III is great, but I can't see it topping this).Like all the best sequels, The Godfather Part II fleshes out the history of everything that worked in the original, doubles down on character relationships and development, and takes the story into a much deeper, darker, and in many ways more personal direction. It gives me even more appreciation for its already fantastic predecessor and is easily one of the best sequels (and prequels) ever made! 
4784 Outdoes Part I ever so easily in my opinion.Al Pacino is such a presence here; maybe my new favorite performance of all time.So glad I capped off the year with this one. Such a masterpiece. Happy new year, everyone! 
4785 I know it's sacrilegious, but I wasn't too crazy about Part 2 of The Godfather. It's basically Part 1, but with no Marlon Brando. 
4786 hubba hubbaStill hugely prefer the first, if only for the fascinating transformation of Michael Corleone (he remains one of the great characters, even though his temperament and disposition remains in stasis for the 200 minutes), but wowza woozacan't get over the pit-in-stomach hopelessness these movies provoke, they're so fucking visceral it hurtsthat is allwow, what a newsflash, someone calling THE GODFATHER PART II a masterpiece 
4787 Watched as Coppola intended - on my phone on a 7am flight to Bali very hungover with less sleep than the runtime of this film. 
4788 Me: Crime is badYoung Al Pacino: *is extremely paranoid and has crippling trust issues*Me: He's just like me fr fr 
4789 Me whenever the boring flashbacks started playing:Michaelllll, where are you now (like from down colorful hill by red house panters) 
4790 Coppola is the god of dissolves, nobody does it like him man 
4791 Incredible theater experience. The ending of the first one is invigorating, the ending of this one is depressing. It’s so bleak and stays with me every time.-Favorite Films 
4792 Tom is a real g bro stuck with the family through it all 🗣 
4793 “If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.” - Michael CorleoneThis is way better than part one imo. Despite the runtime it’s a tighter, more refined film while telling a larger story. The origins of Vito and the Corleone family. Michael turning into a horrifying figure with Kay. The Fredo arch. Flawless cinematography fundamentals. Jesus Christ what a film. 
4794  Yeah I'm not gonna lie this is basically as good as everyone says it is. Such a HUGE improvement over the first film which I wasn't too huge a fan of. The pacing is excellent considering how immensely long the film is and the acting performances here are insane.The way the film alternates between Michael and Vito was very interesting. It shows parallels between the uprising and peak of both of their careers, running the crime syndicate family. Vito…  
4795 phenomenal performance by sofia coppola as child on ship (uncredited) 
4796  Wow. The Godfather part II lives up to the hype. Stronger than the first in every way, no doubt. The story, cinematography,production design, dialogue and every other category is top of the line brilliant. I love the simultaneous narratives, the way they run together is beautiful. My satisfaction levels are tremendously higher by the time this movie ends, compared to the OG. Pacino and De Niro deliver epic performances that live on now 50 years later as two of the…  
4797 « Le petit que ta hagra reviendra un jour » Il est revenue très fort il a fondé une des plus importantes famille de la mafia 
4798  “Michael, tuo padre ti vuole bene assai, bene assai…”Coppola has no right to be this good. This is six or so spots down my ranking of his filmography, and it’s still miles above the peak of most directors. I think my perfect film would consist of taking the young Vito flashbacks here and weaving them into The Godfather. I’m sure it’s been done in the fanedit community, but who wants to actually watch a fanedit? Insane behavior. Anyway, as…  
4799 sold out 35mm screening? yes please. beyond words incredible. 
4800 TWO men with big brown eyes. Oh boy, we’re in trouble now 
4801 It’s not better then the first one in my humble opinion  and the Robert De Niro bits are much better then the other story line but it’s still a classic and one of THE best sequels ever made. 
4802 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Godfather Part II is another example of a sequel that surpasses its original. It’s a unique film that serves as a sequel and prequel to the Godfather, showing more of what Michael is up to after securing his position as the don and giving us an interesting glimpse to Vito and his rise to power. It’s two interesting stories on two incredibly interesting stories. On Michael’s side, CAN WE FIRST TALK ABOUT HOW OUTSTANDING AL PACINO IS! He was obviously…   
4803  I've done a complete 180 on this film. If you had asked me just yesterday what I thought of The Godfather Part II, I would've gone into a tirade about the film being terrible and an abject failure of a sequel. Something's changed though seeing as this time I was really compelled in seeing Michael's reign as Don play out and I enjoyed my viewing of this film more so than I did with Part I. I've always been a…  
4804  Just as entertaining as the first. The Godfather: Part II is one of the most classic pieces of cinema that explores the journey of the Corleone family. It delves deep into the moral complexities of its characters which are heavily uplifted by riveting acting performances. However, I was less emotionally engaged compared to the original; nonetheless, there were some pretty dramatic scenes that I simply weren’t attached to. At times, I was wishing more screen time of Robert De Niro,…  
4805  A criticism I've seen of this is that Michael's arc is a retread, going over the same plot beats as last time. This I absolutely don't agree with. If the story in the first Godfather was about fate and Michael rising up the ranks to replace his father, this one is the destruction of Michael's soul and cutting most (if not all) of his emotional bonds. He never learned to balance light and dark, family man and ruthless killer, like…  
4806  Jesus Christ I don’t know if anything will be as perfect as Godfather parts 1 and 2. It’s hard for me to choose which one is better. I think part 2 is the better made film and Coppola really finds his groove in this one. You can tell he’s more confident and he knows exactly how everything should be. Going back and forth from Michael’s present story to Vito’s rise to power is flawless. So many good moments and character…  
4807 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   feeling conflicted, a bit underwhelmed, and unsure. i’ll admit i didn’t really follow all of the plot (in the present day storyline, i understand the whole robert de niro part bc i read it in the book) but overall i think i got the gist of it. i think michael is not a likeable character in this and he seems to have lost his entire moral compass. he’s losing the integrity that his father had, and the people around him…   
4808  How did I ever think this movie was overrated. it is truly a masterpeice and Micheal Corleone is one of the greatest characters in movie history, the acting is second to none, the cinematograhpy and themes are amazing, once again as I said in my previous reveiw Robert DeNiro does an outstanding job as playing Vito Corloene even though he doesnt come close to Marlon Brando he still did amazing. Im very glad ive rewatched this and was able to…  
4809 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   It’s crazy to me that Part 1 is the one that’s usually considered one of, if not the best movie ever, when it’s not even the best one in it’s own series. Part 2 is just so clean to me. It feels like such a natural progression of how the story is shown. There is no more ‘family’, it’s just business. It’s similar to Sergio Leone’s Once Upon a Time in the West. It shows that transition. I get why someone…   
4810 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  A filmmaking masterpiece in every aspect. Upon rewatching I noticed amazing details, like when Michael asks Fredo if he knows Hymon Roth and he is physically nervous. The soundtrack is an extraordinary classic that doesn’t get boring.  
4811  Very rarely does a sequel prove to be better than its predecessor, and The Godfather Part 2 is probably the finest example of that case in cinematic history. It serves as a character study of both Vito and Michael Corleone by narrating stories of two different timelines and indicating the differences in the regime of both of them and the problems they each faced, and the beauty is it also discussed the intimate side of things with these two men…  
4812 This second film gave me IT. Great performances from the cast, rich and brilliant storytelling, character development, Vito Corleone's backstory, and highly intriguing family drama. I love how this sequel brought a lot more depth and development to the table, it surely did not disappoint. 
4813 One of the greatest sequels ever.  Superb acting and directing.  Finally going to finish the series today.  👍👍 
4814 al pacino AND robert de niro, five stars 
4815 the best sequel in cinema. Al Pacino delivers a generational performance as Michael Corleone, and Al Pacino and De Niro going back to back is electric, two of the greatest actors of all time get 3 hours and 40 minutes to truly showcase why they’re considered just that. The screenplay for this is also just fantastic. 
4816 Still 8/10 The first part will always be superior to me. It is what it is.. 💁🏼‍♀️“The strength of a family, like the strength of an army, lies in its loyalty to each other.” —Don Vito Corleone 💋Hubby still gives it 10/10 
4817 Masterpiece 
4818 Best movie 
4819 too long, shouldve been a 6 part netflix original series (JOKE) 
4820 Twas the night before the Succession finale, when all through the theatreNot a film buff was stirring, not even a Godfather fan;The Twitter feed was muted, the script leaks avoided with care,In hopes that Kendall/Michael would soon be on top 
4821 oh this is absolutely better than the first y’all weren’t lying 
4822 To even call this a film is an insult to all time classics like Toy Story 3 and Sharknado. They made the same mistakes as the last movie. There was no god nor father. Mid ass movie. 0/10. Watch the new boss baby show instead. 
4823 At this moment I feel no love for you at all.The stark contrast between Vito and Michael. Vito did it all for family but Michael did it for business. 
4824 "keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."me going to sleep peacefully tonight knowing that the godfather: part II is one of the best sequels ever created in the entire whole world: 😴💤🛌🙏💫 
4825 fredo corleone, you absolute pathetic loser of a man, i will always defend you 
4826  Comparado con la primera vez que la vi me ha gustado mucho mas, pero no termino de alucinar con la que son para muchos dos de las mejores peliculas de la historia. Quizás es que simplemente no soy muy fan de las peliculas de mafiosos, quitando las de scorsese (sobre todo infiltrados) que me parecen películas espectaculares en muchos sentidos, y alguna gran obra por ahí suelta como erase una vez en america, no termino de fascinarme con casi ninguna.…  
4827 All my life I heard this is like the prime example of a sequel better than the first. Are you kidding me? Still a good movie but honestly. Between this and my opinion on Terminator (way superior to sequel) I just feel like I should go live in a cave and watch movies by myself forever. Which I basically do already but can they all have Al Pacino in them? 
4828  I think I’ve taken the opportunity a fair few times to make a stink on this site about how much I’ve hated getting older (I’m feeling the cold embrace of death at 22 years old), but watching this tonight I felt that same ennui, which surprised me, given that this is a gangster epic. The increased responsibilities and greater expectations Michael experiences I suddenly understood on a greater level. We see an older generation that seemed to have it much…  
4829 Not as good as the original despite what some may say. I miss Brando in this one. It’s still great but I probably would appreciate it more if the first one hadn’t set the bar so high. 
4830 Francis Ford Coppola invents cinema for the second time (circa 1974, colorized) 
4831 michael and vito corleone were the only men in the corleone family that received the gift of being sexy 
4832  It's hard to say exactly how I feel about Part II, after loving The Godfather Part I as much as I do. I definitely don't think it's as good as the first, but do I even like it at all? It's a bit of a silly question, of course I liked it, but I think I only like it because it’s about characters that I already love. I'm not generally a fan of gangster movies for whatever reason, so had those…  
4833  Again rewatched this movie in glorious 4k for the 50th time. I have never been in the camp that say that part 2 is better than the original part 2 is not the same as the original masterpiece but they both have one thing in common they are both fucking brilliant this movie is both a prequel and a sequel it tells the story of Vito coreleone and how he rose to power as a mob boss and also is…  
4834 “My father taught me many things here, he taught me in this room”In my opinion it is better than part one. I love Young Vito Corleone backstory.The whole plot and pacing is amazing and the acting from Al Pacino and Robert De Niro is one of a kind. The end of this godfather was better than the first.Some of the most iconic moments in this movie 
4835 niye 6 yıldız yok? 
4836 Will never understand how people compare this with the original godfather. Crazy.Michael and Vito Corleone are some of the coolest and well casted characters of all time but the films pacing had issues and the plot didn’t captivate me.4 stars and I’m quite disappointed. Acting performances were elite at least 
4837 No doubt, Michael Corleone is one of the best and most iconic monsters in film history. 
4838  Movie binge because my wife is out of town #3.The first time I watched this, I turned it off because I got board. maybe I can only stomach a Godfather movie once every 5 years. Of course, it was good, but man is it dense. I will probably have to watch it again at some point to get a full appreciation. maybe 5 years from now.I don't know why some people think that this is the best Godfather.…  
4839 i should get an award for staying on this hell for 3 hours 
4840  How do you even top peak? I don't know how but this movie did it.But even though I like it more than the first movie I almost gave it 4 ½ stars because of the Cuba scenes, they just felt too long and boring but the scenes/moments after that made up for it. Especially the flashbacks of Vito Corleone, I love Marlon Brando as Vito but fell more in love with the character because of Robert De Niro's performance.…  
4841 Eu amo muito a construção desse filme. 
4842 Do I need to write anything new about this masterpiece? Nah. 
4843 I’m a sucker for some Mariachi music, so this film delivered.A good one to bring up film 500! 
4844 The American dream is alive and well. Alone and victorious. 
4845  “I knew it was you.”People can debate whether or not this is the best Godfather movie and whether or not this is even a strictly “necessary” continuation of the story, but one thing that is not up for debate is that this movie cuts straight from a guy getting shot in the head to a room full of people clapping and cheering and it’s the funniest editing choice I’ve ever seen in any movie. The second funniest cut I’ve…  
4846 The late great Bruno Kirby does not get enough praise for his portrayal of young ‘Clemenza’ in this movie. Both his presence and dialect is spot on and he is sharing his screen time with Robert De Niro on top of all that. Brilliant supporting performance and another great 4K upscale, it looks fantastic.1st Review2nd Review 
4847 Took me a rewatch to realize how great this movie is. My favorite stories are the one’s that aren’t afraid to take their time to develop and godfather 2 is like 11 hours long. 
4848 The Godfather Part 2 is a masterclass in characterization. For example, you know Michael Corleone is beyond redemption when in Act 3 he eats an orange like an apple with skin intact 
4849 It's wild how different the mood is for this film's "climax" in comparison to the baptism montage of the first film. One of the most hopeless and despairing voids in the history of American cinema. 
4850 The contrast between a son's haggard attempt at exacting old revenges with his father's rise to power. Both fueled by vengeance, the father uniting his family against a common enemy. The son in a paranoid spiral of revenge, removing the familial protection his father established. The father began alone, the son ends alone. Vito feels like a hero and Michael like a villain. It's not just a corruption of power, but the degradation of the soul that comes with revenge. 
4851  72THE GODFATHER: PART II is simply not as great as the first part, but it's still extraordinarily well made. The prequel/sequel swapping worked significantly better than I was fearing, though I am not sure whether the movie would be better served if it just focused on one of them and maybe cut down on its runtime. Though it had its severe lengths, especially halfway through with the Cuban sequences (at least to me) it still had many great standalone…  
4852 bring back intermissions in movies and more conversation about al pacino being hot! it’s what we as a society need in order to survive!!! 
4853 102/100still the greatest film i’ve ever seen in my life omg young de niro & pacino 😻😻😻 
4854 De Niro in this movie? HOTTEST MAN EVERUna gran secuela pero sigo quedándome con la primera 
4855 i, giorno giovanna, have a dream 
4856 Hot take: I think it’s slightly overrated. The first Godfather is definitely the better out of the two. At times I found this quite hard to get through due to the three and a half hour runtime. I can still appreciate the amazing performances, writing and directing that went into this though. ‘Apocalypse Now’ is still my favourite Francis Ford Coppola film and it’s not close. 
4857 absolutely love everything that this movie does with michael and fredo. by far my favorite parts of this entire thing. hoping my guy fredo caught the biggest fish known to man :,) 
4858 goddamn man child 
4859  No me gustó tanto como la primera, pero es indudablemente una película tremenda, redonda y más compleja. Las actuaciones están a otro nivel, especialmente Robert De Niro, que para mí nunca ha estado mejor.Disfruté muchísimo más las secuencias que mostraban la juventud de Vito y su ascenso en el mundo criminal, lo estudia como un sujeto complejo sin idealizaciones. Toda la escena del día de la fiesta en el barrio en la que recorre los techos es INCREÍBLE.Toda…  
4860 Watching this to prepare for the new Mario movie 👌I liked the first one better but this one still “cooka’d da pasta” as the italians say🧑‍🍳🍝 
4861 הסיפור של דנירו הדבר האהוב עלי בסרט, בכללי הסצנות שכן אהבתי גרמו לי כמעט לתת לסרט 5 אבל ההתבססות שלו על זיוני שכל של מאפיה הורידה לי עד שבשלב מסוים לא הצלחתי לעקוב כבר מי נגד מי.כמכלול חוויה מטורפת, קולנוע במיטבו, עצוב שלי שלסרטים היום אין אינפקט כמו שיש לסרט הזה בשימוש מושלם של מוזיקה והרגש שבתוך הפריים. 
4862 מה אפשר להגיד, רבותיי 2#. 
4863 I’ll be honest I felt a bit disoriented in the beginning but the film really picks up fast and I didn’t really feel the run time and didn’t know that it was over this beats the first one very easily 
4864 די נרדמתי חלק מהסרט בהתחלה כי ליטרלי ערה מ10 ללא שעות שינה ואחרי כבר הסרט הראשון היה קשוחאני כן אתן דירוג כי אני זוכרת את הסרט וראיתי אותו פעמיים בעבר.. פשוט רציתי קצת הקדמונת לקראת ה3 שלא ראיתי....ואראה שבוע הבאעמכם הסליחה 
4865 “You broke my heart, Fredo”🔱👹 
4866  In einem Café in Havanna fragt Fredo seinen Bruder Michael, wie man hier denn einen Banana Daiquiri nenne. Typischerweise für Fredo ist die Frage relativ dämlich und die Antwort, die Michael ihm gibt, einfach Banana Daiquiri. Ein warmes, gutmütiges Lächeln erscheint bei den zwei Worten kurz in Michaels Gesicht. Es ist eine reine Simulation menschlichen Verhaltens, eine kalkulierte Imitation der familiären Empathie, die sein Vater Vito ausstrahlte, die noch in der Sekunde, in der sich Fredos Augen wieder abwenden, auf…  
4867 Think I still love the first one more overall but the highs here are truly insane. The last 20 minutes is an all timer in just how fucking devastating it is. Without a doubt one of the best sequels we've ever had. 
4868  The Godfather Part II is an incredible achievement but it’s never felt quite as iconic to me as Part I. Don’t get me wrong, it’s a deeper, more emotionally resonant film that trades in most of its mafia action for a slower, more introspective drama about business dealings, expansion and the perils of being at the head of a family when everyone wants to see you fall. It’s a fantastic movie that I loved even more seeing for the first…  
4869 perfection pt 2 
4870  Mesmo o império romano caiu. Assim são os reinados. Assim são os tempos dourados. Com Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) como padrinho, The Godfather: Part II (1974) ganhou um rumo mais moderno no âmbito comercial e de expansão idealista, e também dentro da família Corleone, mas à custa do respeito e da hierarquia, a insensatez adentrou, confrontando o conceito de família.A lealdade passou a ser mensurada com base nas negociações, como se para se adaptar, tudo requisitasse grandes benefícios em…  
4871 watching this in cinemas was just so good i mean for the obvious reasons first (the sound, the visuals, the fact i wasn’t on my phone or tumblr the entire time and could actually give it my entire attention as it deserves,,, and god this movie is so good), as well as how it makes me think that people 50 (well, 48 for this movie) years ago were watching this in cinemas and...yeah they knew this would be a movie of all time....and moreover the greatest advantage of watching this in cinemas: seeing al pacino’s face, huge 
4872  “This is the business we've chosen”Wow, I am in awe. I had Part One at 4.5 stars and this at 4 stars, but after this cinema run they’re both 5s. Surprisingly, this blew the first instalment out of the water for me, and it’s clear why this is heralded as the greatest film of all time. A fantastic screenplay to accompany Coppola’s ridiculous word building; there’s so many gorgeous shots and sequences here! I think in my first watch…  
4873 70's de niro on the big screen 🥵🥵🥵 
4874  Una combinación perfecta de violencia, emoción, tristeza, historia e ira en un largometraje espectacular. Antes escuchaba mucho la discusión sobre si esta secuela es mejor que The Godfather, para mí estan al mismo nivel, depende de lo disfrutable que sea para el que la esta viendo. Es imposible odiarla, es una transición, un desarrollo fenomenal de lo que nos habían presentado en la entrega anterior. La historia nos lleva al declive de Michael Corleone, que alegóricamente se destruye a sí…  
4875 “I enjoy watching football in the afternoon, one of the things I love about this country. Baseball too. I loved baseball ever since Arnold Rothstein fixed the World Series in 1919”How have I never noticed the metaphor in Michael watching everybody get their slice of Roth’s cake while he sits and waits? 
4876  Started with commentary and right about the time I saw GD Spradlin show up, to creak out mispronunciations by Lake Tahoe, I realized I haven’t seen this in over a dozen years. And then Dominic Uncle Joon sauntered into the frame smarmy, and I needed to hear him speak, so I started over, and, Lordy, what a picture. I agree with Spielberg: it’s more Francis than the first one, the structural gambit his genius, pitting past and present against each…  
4877  “It was Roth who tried to kill me in my home. It was Roth all along. He acts like I'm his son -- his successor -- but he thinks he's gonna live forever -- and he wants me out.”The character of Roth is deeply fascinating, and an interesting expression of the central tension in The Godfather, Part II, particularly as it relates to The Godfather.Most obviously, Roth represents an inversion of the character of Vito Corleone from the…  
4878  A Masterpiece        I actually liked this better than the first one. The first one is amazing as well and has that historical performance by Marlon Brando but I felt like I was more engaged in this film, I found it to be more entertaining, and it felt easier to watch. Both films are in the conversation for best films of all time and that’s with no doubt. The direction, style, cinematography, acting, and emotion in both…  
4879 seriously going to start eating my fist this is how you make a movie. THIS IS HOW YOU MAKE A SEQUEL. michael corleone u will ALWAYS be famous. the kiss of death scene actually changed the course of cinematic history likeeee! and vito … u are the definition of male cunt i love u so fawking bad. they don’t make slutty men like this anymore and i think that’s why the film industry is spiraling. ruined my life. i wouldn’t want it any other way. 
4880 Mm this orange tastes pretty good. I hope- what? Who are- AAAAHHHHH! 
4881 young robert de niro just give me a chance that’s all i’m asking for 
4882 robert de niro remains my favorite actor ever ever ever <3333333 but yeah movie was still too short i could watch guys in suits talk about serious stuff for literally the rest of my life 
4883 yeah best movie of all time kinda… every tongue that rises up against michael corleone will fall btw 
4884 מי שלא יודע הסנדק 2 היה הסרט האהוב עליי המון זמן...אני מת על הסרט הזה! ההופעה של פאצ'ינו פה מטורפת ויש פה כמה סצינות פשוט מושלמות. 
4885  remarkable. this grossly overused adjective is nowhere near enough to unerringly describe how this sequel-slash-prequel delivered a film of such unmistakable prestige. part I was definitely more satisfyingly violent, but this part seemed to have deliberately took its time to portray a moral bankruptcy of a character with a ridiculously gorgeous but deceptively innocent facade. it was a saga that i personally felt more attached with than its predecessor. months after watching the latter, i could only vaguely recall snippets…  
4886  My birthday treat was rewatching this masterpiece w/ the family. Not as lovable as the first film, it peels back pt 1's all-for-family myth to reveal the brutal realities that were propping it up the whole time. Best 1-2 storytelling punch since Homer.One thing I noticed on this rewatch is how Coppola & Gordon Willis framed the Vito Corleone origin storyline. It seemed to me that they framed & lit for the spaces more than they framed & lit for the characters.…  
4887 young al pacino and young robert de niro hot 
4888 genuinely the greatest film i’ve ever watched… cant even come up with words that don’t sound like a pretentious filmbro to express what a masterpiece this is from start to finish. watching the contrast between vito building an empire for his family and then seeing michael tear it all down…. man this was just perfect cinema in every single way 
4889 this movie changed the trajectory of my life 
4890 michael corleone vencendo a xenofobia mais uma vez que delícia. nao esperava nada do que aconteceu no filme e as 3 horas passaram tao rapido que nem notei, o de niro novinho falando em italiano no filme que lindeza, por mim o filme seria todinho em italiano, por que que lingua linda viu, muito triste também ver a ruina do michael mas pelo menos o vito tava indo mega bem.em relação a partes técnicas não tenho palavras, tudo muito bem montado, nao é pra pouco que ganhou de melhor filme igual o primeiro 
4891 Non mi piacciono gli estremismi, ma questo è probabilmente il sequel più intelligente della storia del cinema. Coppola prende il mito del primo film, lo ricostruisce e lo distrugge, mostrando le analogie tra l'ascesa al potere di Vito Corleone e la caduta del figlio Michael. Le storie si incontrano, si intrecciano e si sovrappongono perfettamente, mettendo sul piatto più che un semplice film sulle origini, ma un vero e proprio ritratto politico di due epoche. 
4892 I’m not sure why it took me so long to watch this masterpiece but I’m glad I finally did. Al Pacino’s performance in this has to be one of the best subtle acting I’ve ever seen. 
4893 i think this director could do with a few tips from the classics, perhaps he should try watching shrek 2 or paddington 2. rather disappointing, but i didn’t expect a lot from this indie budget film with an unknown cast. 
4894 One of the great sequels of the 20th Century as it explores a paralleling narrative of a man's rise from a lonely immigrant child to a mob boss putting family first and his son's fall to paranoia, mistrust, and corruption. 
4895  “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!!”The storytelling device of showing the rise and ascension of Vito Corleone in contrast against the slow demise of the family under Michael’s tutelage speaks to different eras and mechanisms of how power is displayed and maintained. Coming from nothing, Vito is able to see how to get the people on his side by helping anybody with a favor; using his growing reputation to establish connections…  
4896 nothing i mean literally nothing could've prepared me for how sexy robert de niro is in this 
4897 ...Yeah I still love it but not as much as the first... 
4898 I could write an entire dissertation on why this robert de niro’s sexiest role and also the best a human being has ever looked in the history of film 
4899 Given that his father is Robert De Niro/Marlon Brando and his younger brother is Al Pacino, I think it’s fair to say that poor Fredo lost the genetic lottery :( 
4900 That's not how you eat an orange 
4901 oh to be involved in the mafia and get to kiss Michael Corleone’s hands to show my undying loyalty to him 
4902 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Sé que fuiste tú Fredo, me partiste el corazón.Y el desgraciado lo mandó a dormir con los peces. Comencé a ver este espectacular film con altas expectativas tras haber leído que era una de las mejores secuelas en la historia del cine y probablemente la mejor de la trilogía, lo cierto es que al principio no lo noté, pero al final descubrí que la clave está en dejar pasar las 3 horas con 22 minutos y quizás reflexionar un…   
4903  ok hear me out- this movie, in essence, is the same movie as mamma mia 2: here we go again (2018). although they sound different, one being a part in a mafia epic (considered to be the greatest movie ever made) and the other being a musical based on the works of abba (what I consider the greatest movie ever made), they are connected. to begin, the sequels follow the new heads of the family- michael and sophie- after the death…  
4904 this movie is for sexc people only so if you don’t like it then i got some news for you 😕but wow. yeah. robert de niro and al pacino are so good and so hot in this like wow. men! 
4905 At least 3 of my all time guys are in this movie 
4906  Sequência monumental que amplia a magnitude do antecessor, porque estabelece a decadência moral e profissional de Michael, o atual "padrinho", em contraste direto com a ascensão de seu pai, Vito. O filme alterna entre dois tempos, continuando de onde acabara a 1a parte, mas regressando décadas que remetem à infância de Vito, quando, ainda novo, perdera tragicamente sua família por desavenças de uma máfia local. Dentre muitas qualidades, este é um filme que caminha estritamente através da antítese de duas…  
4907 A film that is less perfect than its predecessor (admittedly every scene doesn’t seem totally essential), but still somehow better. Perhaps the greatest cinematic tragedy ever told. A group of disappointments win in a place where winning is impossible, which is how they lose. Might show it’s holes with it’s time, but for now I am firmly on the side of part 2.Film 1000 
4908 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  #165 of 1001 Movies you must see before you die"I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!"  
4909 YOUNG VITO CORLEONE WITH MUSTACHE U HOT ASF CALL ME 
4910  Hach, was hab ich diesen Film lange vor mir her geschoben. Die enorme Laufzeit von über 3 Stunden hat mich immer wieder abgeschreckt, weil ich mich einfach nie in der richtigen Verfassung fühlte, endlich die Fortsetzung des Paten zu sehen.Heute nun aber, an diesem nutzlosen Sonntagnachmittag im vorweihnachtlichen Lockdown, war es endlich so weit. Und was soll ich sagen:Der Film ist wahrhaftig ein beeindruckendes Stück Filmgeschichte. Die Bilder, die Darsteller (und die paar Darstellerinnen), die ikonische Musik, der…  
4911  Every rewatch assures you how perfect this movie is. I always hear people claiming that this part is better than the first one, for me the first part is as great as the second one. Im always surprised of the level of greatness that this movie arrived to. Im sure that you can’t not to put the name of the godfather on the top of your list. (Duh)The Story of The Corleone Crime Family is truly one of the…  
4912 My boyfriend: Vito Corleone respects and protects his family above all. To him the patrilineal is sacred. Whereas Michael Corleone progressively and callously erodes the family line and ends up a shadow of his father; his own son destroyed, the dynasty ended. Me: Robert De Niro is hotter than Al Pacino. 
4913  Coppola's second instalment in his 3 part epic is by far the most special. Much less a sequel and more of an evolution of the first, Coppola uses what he constructed within his first flick- constant anticipation, shocking murders- and builds on it, using it at each possible moment to keep the audience in fear of who these power hungry sharks are going to kill next. Coppola's strength within this film is his ability to capture a room, creating through…  
4914 young al pacino being hot and speaking italian is my favorite movie genre 
4915  97I’ve never said anything bad about the Godfather trilogy, the Godfather trilogy is my friend. ...okay, obviously that’s not quite true. I suspect that my rating, and indeed my review of what’s considered one of the greatest movies of all time, The Godfather, will get me some shit until it gets buried after I write a series of other reviews. For the moment I must deal with it, but in addition I can now say that The Godfather Part…  
4916 I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. 
4917 The best Pacino performance I think. This, Dog Day Afternoon, and Heat are sort of his holy trinity in my estimation, they highlight the best of everything he does well. And I think this is my favorite of those three. Where Heat is him at his biggest without going over the top, and Dog Day Afternoon is thoroughly neurotic and full of nervous energy, this is a tightly clenched performance that makes his outbursts absolutely terrifying.Good movie, this one. Do recommend, two thumbs way up 
4918 Tender black eyes of the father transmuted into the dead black eyes of his son 
4919 I can’t decide which film is better; this or the first one. A lot of what I felt watching the first movie I also felt watching this one, that feeling mostly being anxiety. But I’d have to say I like this film better overall because it gives the audience a better perspective over the history of the Corleone family, and elevates the tension not only between the other crime bosses, but also the tension amongst the Corleone family themselves. 
4920 The Works | The Godfather trilogyCoppola’s ambitious prequel/sequel of De Niro’s Vito‘s rise in the 1910s juxtaposed with Pacino’s Michael‘s decline in the 1950s is a masterful follow-up on cinema’s infamous crime family; a meticulously crafted, methodical piece that expands on the first film in every conceivable way.The Godfather trilogy ranked 
4921 wow, this was long. doesn’t mean it’s bad though! i’m pretty sure i like this one just a tad more than part one. even though michael corleone is a dick, i love al pacino’s acting, he’s so good! i’m glad that this one feels engaging (compared to the first) and i made it through without passing out, hurray to me! because of the length i probably won’t watch these again for a LONG time (if ever) but at least i’ve seen them! 
4922  For some reason I really didn’t get into this much. It was ok but nowhere near the first oneI thought the stuff with De Niro, though he was giving a great performance, it felt very disconnected and out of the rest of the picture, I liked it a lot more when it was the Pacino stuff but even then it had some flaws and it didn’t completely deliver for me. Maybe it has something to do with Brando, even…  
4923 This movie has everything... Al Pacino and Robert de Niro being sexy and speaking sicilian... Family drama... Yearning and nostalgia... Constant twists and turns... Harry Dean Stanton... 5 stars!!! 
4924 was expecting to be more excited about this one, but if I has to pick which is better, I’d say without a doubt the first movie. this was great, I really loved how it utilized flashbacks, and just having De Niro takes the cake for me. but I don’t know, the film even felt longer than the first film which I had no trouble watching. (yes I know it actually is longer, I’m just saying it FEELS longer.) anyway, I’ve read a lot of comments that the third part is the underappreciated one, so let’s see how that goes. 
4925  Yeah this film is a masterpiece in almost every way. Not many sequels are just as good if not better than it predecessor but part 2 is very satisfying expansion the the godfather and some believe its better than the first. I still believe the godfather is slightly better but I’ve seen both of the films 3 times each and they have so much rewatch ability for 3 hours films I’ll probably rewatch both very soon. As I’ve sayed it’s…  
4926 Perfect cast. Perfect directing. Perfect script. Perfect movie. Perfect sequel. 
4927  While I'm still in favor of the original, The Godfather: Part II is powerful in how a man with the duality of good and evil can pursue in a lifespan. Might need another viewing to reaffirm everything, but as far as the ending is concerned, the final shot of Michael Corleone left me in awe. All those flashbacks (especially the dinner scene) were such a strong presence in the film. It's basically the summation of his life in one close-up tracking…  
4928 is it a masterpiece? of coursebut am I going to ignore how the plot is over complicated and is paced inconsistently? no. I don’t need to say Pacino is fantastic, you already know that. 
4929 I can't believe that The Godfather Part II copied Solo: A Star Wars Story so blatantly 
4930  The Godfather 2 benim için 1.filmin bir tık önünde. Öncelikle bu filmin bana göre daha iyi bir senaryosu var. İlk film şüphesiz şiirselliği ve Marlon Brondo'nun varlığı ile çok öne çıkıyor ama 2. film dramatik yapı açısından ilk filmin önüne geçiyor.Bu bölümde Michael'ın neden bir Vito olamayacağını öğreniyoruz aslında. Paralel bir kurgu ile gösterilen Vito'nun gençlik sahneleri kuşkusuz bu filmin en can alıcı yerleri. Michael ile hemen hemen aynı yaşta olan Genç Vito'nun Michael'ın aksine ailesine olan inanılmaz düşkünlüğü…  
4931 I will never not be in love with this movie. 
4932 this broke my hawt 
4933  All the lessons he learned on his way to succeeding his father- his cool head under crisis, removing personal feelings and emotional responses in doing business, separating the family from the family business- have left Michael Corleone an empty shell of a man. Where power and authority seemed to fall into his father's lap on his course of being a good neighbor and decent fellow, Michael's path towards business hegemony turns him into a cold-hearted tyrant. Could he not help…  
4934 الفلم مقسوم ل قسمين قسم الحاضر يتكلم عن مايكل كورليوني ( ال باتشينو ) و قسم فلاش باك يتكلم عن فيتو كورليوني ( دي نيرو ) و كيف صار عنده القوة ذي و صار القودفاذر و كل قسم اعظم من الثاني حوارات، ساوندتراك، قصة عظيمة و تمثيل عظيم توقعت بيكون الفلم مستواه اقل شوي عشان مارلون براندون مو موجود بس دي نيرو عوض مكانه و بقوة من افضل الافلام اللي شفتها اذا ماكان الافضل 🖤 
4935 Everyone knows this is one of the greatest movie and sequels of all time. On a techinal level the cinematography is amazing the score in incrdible and the acting is top notch. But also the movies characters and story are also incredible. On a entertainment level the 3 and 22 minute long movie goes by like that. You are so engrossed in whats going on in the movie it goes by so fast. The only thing that makes the first better is Marlon Brando and James Caan two people I missed in the sequel which is no fault of the movie itself. 
4936  about the man who chases the American Dreamthe man who falls apartthe man who loses everything.My last review stands, with a slight amendment. While the broadened scope still takes away from the intimacy of the first, and we’re missing too many of the prior’s wonderful faces, this movie IS a masterpiece. I just prefer the first. It’s the great American tragedy, and I mean this fker is SAD, man. Michael’s decision (THE decision) is completely irredeemable and…  
4937 The Godfather Part II: A masterwork of cinema with a narrative force that arguably trumps the originalMe: 70s...Al Pacino...pretty... 
4938 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I can see where Part I is a more focused story and probably has a higher ratio of iconic scenes, but I still prefer Part II. I love the introspective look at Michael, who tries to maintain a sense of composure as his world collapses around him. The emotional core is of course Michael's relationship with Fredo, and basically every moment between the pair is loaded with depth. Having Fredo try to congratulate Michael for enlisting in the flashback is…   
4939 just finished this and I feel like I need to rewatch before I review!So much good stuff 
4940  Continúo mi tarea de visionar esta saga con la que se dice ser la mejor secuela de la historia del cine. Cierto es que iguala a la anterior (que ya era dificilísimo), y además funciona también como precuela.Creí que echaría de menos a Marlon Brado en ésta, pero la verdad es que con Robert De Niro como Vito, queda más que suplido. Me encanta cómo enfrenta las dos tramas; que muestran los inicios de un criminal casi considerado héroe,…  
4941  If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.Michael's descend into complete lack of humanity is still amazingly shocking and frightening and the genius of Coppola's transitions between present and past, specially the one after Michael hears the gunshot that by his word murdered his brother into a simpler and "happier" time for the Corleone family before Connie and Carlos' marriage, is to this day unmatched.The precise…  
4942 Every single scene pulls you in closer and closer, next thing you know, 3 hours already passed by.Sometimes you really can't trust anybody, not even family.A 
4943  "They don't make 'em like they used to."I'm sure the phrase applied to much older films, and I'm sure they were even saying it in the 70s about the 30s-50s the same way I heard it in the 90s and 2000s about the 70s. It's true, of course, but the extent to which you view that as a problem...well that's a subject for another day.Part of it is economic - who's going to pay for a three-hour-plus movie…  
4944 great sequel, the main issue i have with this movie is that it’s just too long for my attention span honestly especially in the first half of this movie it definitely picks up after the first hour and i enjoyed it a whole lot more after that. slow paced movie but still great. 
4945 Never not thinking about how Al Pacino never got an Oscar for playing Michael Corleone. 
4946 I have finally seen it. Following its predecessor, which is an absolute behemoth, Part II is a richer, more personal tale that Coppola weaves so immaculately. 
4947 AFI TOP 100: 63/100This really is the MAMMA MIA! HERE WE GO AGAIN of mob movies. 
4948  Finally saw the highly acclaimed second part to what a lot of folks call the best movie ever made.While I really liked The Godfather and admired it for it's filmmaking quality, I just really liked the story and the characters. I was in the family, whether I liked it or not. I felt the same way here again. This crime family's story is just so riveting, and the way it's all helmed makes it so engaging and thrilling. It…  
4949  Curioso como é um filme que parece muito mais apaixonado por suas imagens do que o primeiro. Lá, o filme, fora alguns momentos, não consegue ir muito além dessa encenação da família envolvida no crime, suas conexões e seus rostos, não tendo tanto interesse nem na representação de época (muito mais acessória de plot do que qualquer coisa), nem no próprio gênero gângster (devido, principalmente, ao roteiro que a nenhum momento privilegia a trama em si). Já aqui, devida a…  
4950  After so many years, I finally decided to watch The Godfather II. Before I go any further, I'll start off by saying, no, I don't think it tops The Godfather, but don't let that deter you from watching Francis Ford Coppola's near masterpiece. The crime saga picks up the story of Michael Corleone (Pacino) as he expands his empire to Cuba and deals with troubles with the local mafia. Interspliced with Michael's story, we are shown the rise of Vito…  
4951 MICHAEL CORLEONE.... YOUNG AL PACINO.... PLEASE CALL ME I’LL GIVE YOU A FOOT MASSAGE FOR FREE.... I’VE PLANTED THE SEED AND I WILL SEE THE HARVEST 
4952 What an amazing film. Easily one of the best sequels ever made. Al Pacino is amazing as Michael. Robert De Niro is amazing. The entire cast is amazing. Coppola directs a film so epic and powerful and iconic and memorable and so many other adjectives. The script, written by Coppola and Mario Puzo, is literally perfect. The score is astounding. Everything about this movie is glorious. It, along with its predecessor, have become two of my favorite films of all time.The Holy Grail (my favorite films) 
4953 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   AFI Top 100 Club: boxd.it/1cOzaFilm #3: The Godfather: Part II by Francis Ford CoppolaWhat could possibly follow up The Godfather, one of the most famous and popular films in all of cinema? The Godfather: Part II was not just a sequel. This was a sequel that was even more brilliant than its predecessor. Built perfectly upon the events and happenings of the original, it was exquisitely told, all whilst it added more life to most of the characters…   
4954  Definitely a film I need to re-watch when I'm not as tired, as it could easily earn the prestigious rating of 5 stars from me, but for now, I'll give it a very high 4 1/2. It's easy to just give the second highest rated film of all time a 5 star, but I want to be as honest with the rating as possible.It's undeniable that this film isn't, at the very least, incredible. Both the first and this…  
4955  A perfect continuation of Mario Puzo's characters which expertly splices the young Vito Corleone journey from the novel and shows this rise to power in tandem with his son's downward spiral into damnation. The plot is superbly handled, the dual themes resonate harmoniously and the performances are truly exceptional.This is a sequel that expands on the lore of the first movie and pushes forward with a measured momentum that is equally satisfying and tragic. The scope and ingenuity of…  
4956  Part of Scavenger Hunt 17 - August 2016Film #13 - Task #21: A prequel!letterboxd.com/opticpotato/list/scavenger-hunt-17-august-2016/"If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill anyone."Well, not really a prequel, but I needed to see this one again.The Godfather Part 2 is perfection. It has everything a movie needs. Drama, Characters, Dialogue, Acting, Direction - Everything together creates one of, if not the greatest movie ever. Al Pacino as…  
4957  The greatest sequel of all-time. They key to The Godfather Part II's success is that it makes no effort to merely repeat the formula of the original film. It's still a crime story with a similar visual style, it opens on a celebration juxtaposed with mob business, and it features a montage of murder in the third act, but these elements come naturally and aid a story which takes its own approach. Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo dive deeper…  
4958  Paramount. Coppola Restoration Blu-Ray1.85:1Color35mm18"My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer"The idea to blend a prequel and sequel into one film was brilliant idea from Coppola. It could've only have worked with the success of its predecessor but none the less it gives the audience so much this time around. We get far more than we bargained…  
4959  Maybe Godfather Part 2 was hyped up too much with its iconic status but I found this sequel far less enjoyable than the original. The acting and directing is still phenomenal but the story lacks. In the first movie Michael (Al Pacino) has an interesting story arc as a family outsider becomes a vengeful mob boss. In Part 2 Michael plateaus has he goes from bad guy to even more bad guy. The most interesting aspect was the telling of…  
4960  There was this kid I grew up with; he was younger than me. Sorta looked up to me, you know. We did our first work together, worked our way out of the street. Things were good, we made the most of it. During Prohibition, we ran molasses into Canada... made a fortune, your father, too. As much as anyone, I loved him and trusted him. Later on he had an idea to build a city out of a desert stop-over…  
4961 The Corleone saga continues with a prequel and a sequel in the story. Al pacino was excellent in this movie as Robert di nero Stucks with you for his amazing performance as Vito Corleone. It was sad as Al pacino didn't won an Academy Award for his performance. Another Legendary movie in the Godfather. 
4962 save me young al pacino, save me 
4963  I truly wish I liked these more than I do. As before with the Godfather rewatch, I find myself enjoying this plenty. Recognizing it's greatness, appreciating it's beauty, and at times being drawn into the quiet chaos of the Corleone's. But, I'm just not on the same page as the rest of the world it seems. To be clear, this isn't a cool, contrarian film bro hot take. It's just that I never quite dial into the film's wavelengths. All…  
4964 Oscar Trinick smoked crack before watching this 
4965 Third watch. Possibly the best made film ever. 
4966 There is just nothing in this movie that interests me. Basically the first one but longer and more boring. 
4967  While I'm not one to get worked up about film critics' opinions & lists, I can choose to ignore said opinions & lists - and the recent Sight & Sound Top 100 List's exclusion of this masterpiece is laughable and pretty much renders the validity of the rest of the list questionable (at best).Coppola's epic (masterfully shot by Gordon Willis) spans several generations, over several decades, with a mammoth cast. It jumps between young Vito's forced immigration to America, his rise to…  
4968 The Godfather Part II (1974) I’ve always thought of this one as better than the original, but after this reviewing of both, I think it’s a dead heat. 
4969 help how do I add another star 
4970 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Le thème musical lié à Vito au moment où Michael feint de pardonner Freddo, et l'émotion dans les yeux de ce dernier.....Francis tu es un criminel  
4971  Yeah, I think after three (or four?) times watching this one, I honestly believe that this is far superior than The Godfather Part II now and after rewatching this, it’s only made me realize how much I love this film from the acting, the direction, the two side-by-side stories with Vito’s rise to power and Michael’s fall from power, the writing, the dialogue, how natural this movie feels, and with how it adds more to the first part as a…  
4972 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Press F for Fredo. Don't care bout what everybody says, he will be missed  
4973  One year ago today I watched this movie for the first time and came across a review that would ruin my life. It said something along the lines of "is there anything sexier than 70s Robert de niro ripping apart a piece of bread?". Me and Ellie both didnt know the part that review was referencing. I was very curious. So I did some insane research. I watched every Robert de niro scene. I fast forwarded through the hole movie.…  
4974 Also, such an incredible piece of cinema that lives up to its icon status. I did feel myself getting more restless this one but it's mostly because I watch Part I right before this and watching that much movie in one day is hard work. I do wish there was more Robert De Niro as well but dang once again do the parallels between father and son work so incredibly well. Impeccable characters arcs. 
4975 michael whoreleone SUCKING on that orange i am devastated!!!!! 
4976  Gobsmacked that people enjoy this one more than the first. The first has such a satisfying arc! You meet the family! You see Michael fighting against what we all know is gonna happen as his father falls, his brother falls, and then he takes his rightful place with the climax of the baptism scene! Yeah!! (Also somewhere in the middle he’s in Sicily and gets married and then his wife who shows her boobs before she says her first lines…  
4977 when i die i would like to be greeted by robert de niro 
4978 mfs be like empire strikes back is the best movie sequel   lol 
4979 Now I'm worried to watch Part III because this was so good that I don't think the next one will top it 
4980 What an absolute honour to watch. Coppola’s finest. 
4981 honestly?? i’ve just spent precisely 202 minutes being so invested in the story that i haven’t gone to the bathroom and now i might die but then i can say that the godfather killed me and being killed by 70’s al pacino is not in any way a bad thing 
4982 Think I can finally say this is better than Part 1 
4983 IN MY HOME! IN MY BEDROOM WHERE MY WIFE SLEEPS! WHERE MY CHILDREN PLAY WITH THEIR TOYS!The greatest film of all time? Yeah probably.#25 
4984 Scavenger Hunt 53Definition of an Epic 
4985  When you think of someone as sociopathic or amoral, you tend to concentrate on the sense of emptiness that surely caused it, that surely perpetuates it, that surely consumes everything. The Godfather certainly considers that much about Michael, wonders what he actually feels for Apollonia or Kay or money or casinos or anything. But Part II concludes that there's always some semblance of reason, however base or irrelevant, and that reason more than occupies the space that we perceive as…  
4986 Just as I expected. Banger But I think I liked the first one a lil more tho. 
4987 its 2 AM so this may not be coherent. anyways: wow, that was great. once again al pacino absolutely KILLED IT throughout the whole movie. robert de niro was really great too, all of his scenes were really great. i did sort of feel like i missed brando at times, but that really didnt take away from the movie at all for me. and lastly DIANE KEATON. her scene near the end was really incredible and blew me away! all in all: great amazing incredible. i just bought the whole godfather collection tonight so ill be watching part iii soon! 
4988 A deeper portrayal of power and organized crime within the legacy of Corleone. The acting and filmmaking continues to impress. However, DeNiro's Vito Corleone should've been explored much more instead of being sidelined for some occasionally uninteresting storytelling...That's what weighs this down, the blend between the Vito and Michael should've flown through better and paced better into the film instead of boring too much with every little thing Michael did. 
4989  The Godfather is my dad’s favorite movie. I watched for the first time in February 2018. It was my 500th logged movie. I don’t know why I wasn’t in a rush to watch Part II. I think there was a part of me that wanted to wait a little bit. So it’s been six years. Maybe I was waiting for another *occasion*. Have it be special. It was playing on 35mm at the Metrograph. It’s the 50th anniversary. Damn- I’m…  
4990 I JUST WATCHED THIS IN NEW YORK!!!!! ON 35MM FILM!!!! FOR THE FIRST TIME!!!!!!!! AND FOR FREE!! (you know it’s serious for me when i shed one single tear with the first frame)Every scene with Robert De Niro is so money. The score is simply breathtaking. 
4991  Wow, this was even better than the first one. I wish I was alive when this came out so I could've experienced the excitement of its release in theaters. I want to edit this and write a more thoughtful review after spring break starts and I get my brain functioning back. But for now, this was great and I'm glad I can say I finally finished the Godfather movies! (I'm not including 3 because I don't see myself watching that…  
4992 First time watch. My boss said if I didn’t watch it I’ll be sleeping with the fishes so I watched it and it’s great. I heard part 3 isn’t very good. I’m gonna watch it anyway. Stay tuned. 
4993 too long but seeing young al pacino and robert de niro made it worth it 
4994 Három órában megkíséreltünk mondani valamit erről a rettenetes monstrumról. Megpróbáltunk közelíteni hozzá, és nem megsemmisülni brutális tekintélyétől. Természetesen elbuktunk, de menti a helyzetet, hogy ez különben is lehetetlen.youtu.be/Rt8iALj2yM4Természetesen az első rész is jó, szó se róla, zseniális. De ez! Amit ez megcéloz, arra nem látott rá eddig egy gengszterfilm sem. Amit száz film együtteséből tanulságként levonhatunk, az itt egy filmbe sűrűsödik. 
4995 Always cool how this is the greatest movie ever made and it still isn’t as good as the first one. 
4996 I wish I could watch this for the first time again. There is nothing like the suspense this movie builds. 
4997  Rightly considered one of the greatest sequels (and prequels) of all time. The Godfather Part II feels even more like a sprawling epic than the first film did. The decision to focus on two different stories, the rise of a young Vito Corleone and the continued story of Michael Corleone, feels like it would be a mess yet it works perfectly. Robert De Niro is fantastic as the younger Vito and Al Pacino is even more phenomenal as Michael as…  
4998  "The Godfather Part II" is a cinematic masterpiece. It serves as a perfect continuation of the first part, delivering another beautiful story and diverse characters in an astonishing way. The film blends crime and drama seamlessly, continuing to present great scenes for the story and significantly developing the characters. Both Al Pacino and Robert De Niro excel in portraying their roles, making this part an unforgettable cinematic experience. Their performances are among the best I have ever seen in cinema…  
4999 Phenomenal sequel to one the greatest movies ever. 
5000 “I knew it was you Fredo… you broke my heart.😔”aS iF 🤪 
5001 Yup. Mhmm. Yes. Very much. No notes. Perfect. Love. 
5002 ROBERT SAVE ME.....so good tbh the film bros won this round..seeing vito get revenge was beautiful i loved seeing his storyline wish we saw more of it tho???? Taylor asked me when we watched part 1 if i would marry into the mob and my answer is still yes idgaf also another guest star appearance from HDS lmaooo 
5003 There’s a lot to appreciate in a film that’s influence I now recognize. Just about all of my favourite films have some debt to pay to The Godfather: Part ll. I just can’t for the life of me understand the need for the flashback scenes of Vito. Although the pacing was good, I feel like it would’ve been the exact same movie without them.UPDATE: my friend mansplained it to me, the contrast is amazing. 
5004 Imagine being so afraid of not living up to your father's legacy and losing your family you kill everything you feel inside and ultimately walk the complete opposite path😭😭😭 you forgot about the prophecy bro😭😭😭you're destined to be crushed under the ideals of the country you so eagerly defended bro😭😭😭Maybe it is better than 1 
5005 The greatest film I've ever watched. A full-blown essay incoming on my next watch. 
5006 Hyman Roth <gnssst> sounds like he might be a <gnssst> pneumatic robot with a <gnssst> leaky hose. 
5007  The Godfather Part II is a truly brilliant film. It has a similar plot to The Godfather (1972), but the subject matter of the story is portrayed differently, giving the story a fresh spin in the right direction. The second film is far more brutal and pessimistic than the first one. The Godfather Part 1 was a dark story, but it had happy glimmers of hope throughout the storyline, while Part II deals in hopelessness and the destruction of the…  
5008  Diciamocelo: Il Padrino: Parte II è un film strutturalmente più confuso del precedente, che tende a lavorare eccessivamente per accumulo, tentando di portare a casa troppi discorsi a causa delle ambizioni spropositate di Coppola. Il bello è che sono proprio le ambizioni spropositate ad aver portato il suo autore nell’olimpo del cinema, e - di conseguenza - Il Padrino: Parte II rimane un capolavoro. Il dualismo tra Vito e Michael è straordinario, perché racconta due facce della stessa medaglia, l’evoluzione…  
5009  I’ll be honest, I couldn’t fall in love with this movie.Despite recognizing its excellent quality, from cinematography to the most refined interpretations, I felt every minute of its duration like a boulder on my shoulders. I found the existence of this film totally devoid of necessity, since the first part was so perfect even in its "open ending" not to justify a sequel. Although, as I have already said, the productive effort is as usual excellent, I found the…  
5010 " The Corleone family was like the Roman Empire..." 
5011 Godfather 1 is the Chronic and this one is Chronic 2001. Both great in different ways 🤓 
5012  um... this is also really good you guys.Every time I watch this, I'm about an hour forty-five in and am thinking "this isn't as good as the first one", but by the time we get to the last 10 minutes, that thought has gone away. Every time. If I'm being critical in the least bit, I think the De Niro sections don't feel quite as consequential as they should. If the idea is to juxtapose Vito's building of the…  
5013 "Eu sei que foi você Fredo... Você quebrou meu coração" 
5014  You know a movie’s good when it has an intermission in the middle of the movie lol. If I could give this 6 stars I would. This somehow is better than the first, which is something that’s really hard to do. Al Pacino really knocks it out of the park with his performance. And seeing young Robert De Niro was just 😮‍💨Having two different stories being told was such a cool thing to see. They were both very different…  
5015 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  the argument scenes between kay and michael were so hard to watch, otherwise i enjoyed this movie  
5016 There’s long been a debate about whether or not this or the first one are the superior film, and I’m here to definitively settle it once and for all… who cares? They’re both amazing! In lieu of going on a multi paragraph diatribe about the filmmaking merits of this amazing film, I’ll just say that it honestly didn’t feel like a nearly 3 1/2 hour film, and if that isn’t a compliment to how well it’s crafted, then I don’t know what else is. Also, having Robert DeNiro at the absolute top of his game didn’t hurt. 
5017 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I didn’t expected that from fredo lmao  
5018 Kendall Roy coded!! 
5019 truly the longest most fucking confusing movie of all time 
5020 people are lying like crazy saying this is better than the first godfather because what????? this was a major drop in quality compared to the godfather and i didn’t really find it that enjoyable in the slightest. however, it is a very well made film and i did like the two parallel time settings with al pacino and robert de niro and their performances but that’s kind of where my enjoyment ends. 
5021 The flashbacks were decent at best and i felt they bogged down the pace of the actual events a lot but the ones in the second half gave some much needed perspective, Young Vito sure is a smokeshow Oh Boy .. 
5022  Between the series finales of Succession and Barry and now this, it’s been a downer media kind of week. Also, I know there are more important things to talk about regarding this movie, but I was so caught off guard by realizing how much Peaky Blinders drew from this! Tommy Shelby = Michael Corleone and I was just not expecting that. Anyways, The Godfather: Part II is great, no doubt about it. I think I prefer Part I a bit…  
5023 Coming this summer, to CBS: Everybody hates Michael, the story of a dead eyed brooder who really needs to find a different way of solving his problems! 
5024  Let's get what I didn't like out the way.For one, the pacing is a nightmarish drag, the interesting exciting scenes are cut too short and the lengthy and slow conversations are cut too long. Emphasised with this is the fact the film attempts to tell 2 stories at once, Michael's struggles with the family and the business and Vitos rise as Don, prior to the events of the first film. I wholeheartedly believe that Vitos plot was absolutely unnecessary,…  
5025  Quite possibly the best American film ever. It manages to somehow be both huge and nuanced at the same time, the sign of a total master filmmaker at work. Indeed, Coppola himself only touched this kind of greatness once, though he came very close some years later ("Apocalypse. Now." [1979]). The actors are perfect in their roles, and cinematographer Gordon Willis works wonders with his camera, capturing both Sicily and Nevada with equal evocative power. Ultimately though, the whole is…  
5026 who in their right mind would break up with michael corleone 
5027 how can i even make a review for this movie?i’m in the midst of a breakdown over the fact that i think this is the greatest film of all time and that michael somehow managed to be hotter than he was in part one 
5028  100Seventh watch and this still incredible as always. Francis Ford Coppola didn’t miss on this film and the first one. Congrats to him for making one of the best trilogies and two best movies in the cinema history.Such an epic film this film is. I always have problems choosing who I prefer between the 1st and the 2nd one. I think I’ll go again for the 2nd but both are masterpieces.Spoilers on this paragraph:I love how…  
5029 robert de niro vito corleone changed lives (Mine) 
5030 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies."The Godfather: Part 2 truly is one of the greatest sequels ever made. It's crazy that Francis Ford Coppola managed to make a film that lived up to an already spectacular first film. But boy did he ever pull it off. I loved the fact that this movie is technically both a prequel and a sequel to the first movie. We get to see how Vito rose…   
5031 that masculine urge to make them an offer that they can’t refuse 
5032 Wow, y'all weren't kidding when you said the sequel was better! I liked the parallel dramas between Vito and Michael and I thought they balanced both storylines well. I also liked how Kay/Diane Keaton had more agency in this installment. Side note I really want cake now. There were like 3 scenes with cake in this movie. 
5033 female rage except it’s not female and it’s al pacino screaming at the top of his lungs in such a manner that the earth itself splits open 
5034 robert de niro!!!! zoo wee mama!!!!! 
5035 To argue which one of the two is better is almost pointless, because together they tell one of the most powerful stories in all of cinema. A rise and fall like no other and a character study that can’t be matched. Proud to be an Italian tonight 🇮🇹 
5036 Finally found the time to watch it and it's simply incredible. I still have Part 1 over this one, but this was still top tier. This is my first time watching The Godfather trilogy and I implore anyone who hasn't seen it (probably only a handful of people) to watch it once in their lifetime. Now it's time to be disappointed with Part 3. 
5037 I am dead inside. 
5038 O filme é bom, mas um pouco mais enrolado que o primeiro. Os flashbacks, as vezes, fazia se perder na história e quebrando um pouco o clímax do filme. Mas faz jus ao primeiro, sendo um boa continuação. 
5039 And the Oscar for the hottest man goes to: James Caan!!! 
5040 yes this movie provides a fantastic telling of how loyalty to business over family and history will strip you of everything you have but i think more importantly we should acknowledge that michael corleone is the most girl loser icon of almost any movie ever 
5041 This movie is perfect. Usually I don’t like long movies but after 3hrs and 20 mins I wanted it to go for longer. Much better than the first one (even thought the first one is brilliant). I honestly can’t say anything that’s wrong with this movie 
5042  The best movie performance I've ever seen in my life yet. Al Pachino's expression, charisma, style, way of speaking, and the way he presents his emotions and expresses them on screen are something I have become obsessed with. De Niro was amazing in this film as well people say he is on the same level as al Pacino when it comes to acting well, I disagree but he still is amazing. Coming to the movie the rise and fall of…  
5043  “Senator, we're both part of the same hypocrisy.”No hay un plano en toda la película donde le veas los ojos a Michael y veas a un ser humano en paz con las decisiones y acciones que ha tomado, ver su mirada en los segundos finales de la cinta es una confirmación de su angustia a lo largo de toda la película, es ver a un hombre que ha perdido su alma por seguir un camino que le prometió tenerlo…  
5044  THE GODFATHER PART 2 (1974)"The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate in the late 1950s.""I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!"_Michael Corleone (portrayed by Al Pacino).For me, The Godfather Part 2 feels like a necessary fitting follow-up to The Godfather (1972); like Halloween 2 (1981) can be watched…  
5045 my dad wants my friends to know this is his favorite part so much so that he made me watch bits of it throughout the day to “really appreciate it” so i would have to sit and contemplate every scene 
5046 I like the concept of a simultaneous sequel/prequel. This idea was utilized a lot during the recent final season of Better Call Saul. I was interested in diving even deeper into the lore and relationship dynamics of the Corleone family. Unfortunately I really felt the runtime on this one, a huge difference from my experience watching part 1. The film was shot well, acted well, and has its moments but overall I enjoyed this significantly less than the original. The plot just really failed to captivate me this time around and there are far less imaginative death scenes. Four stars out of five. 
5047 For all its accolades this doesn’t get enough credit as one of the most beautiful and diverse displays of male pattern baldness 
5048  The only thing that’s true are the blacks; not even fizzling out beside them the sepia tones for times that weren’t actually simpler, lying nostalgia for countries that weren’t actually less drenched in blood or gagged by the dust of revenge; certainly not when the sepia browns are burnished to golds. The void at the center is the truest black; the fringes of glimmering detritus just distractions in various shades of decay.“He was stupid; I was lucky.”There’s only…  
5049 It’s not often that a masterpiece is made just to be followed up by yet another masterpiece. Once again, I don’t have to say anything. This film is already spoken for and to the highest regard but I do want to note on that last hour. Some of the most exceptional moments and filmmaking in general that I’ve seen.Now just one more to go in the Trilogy.(24th Film watched on watchlist) 
5050 i just know al pacino got major back pain issues for carrying this trilogy alone on his back 
5051 So glad I finally got around to seeing this, I’d still probably say right now that I prefer the first but this was still so perfectly crafted with flashback scenes that never made me feel like I was taken out of the pacing. And that final shot was just the perfect way to wrap it all up. 
5052 It’s movies like this that make me grateful I’ll be leading a life of poverty. Killing me would be absolutely pointless - spread the word 
5053 I love the first film and I think it’s a masterpiece but this is on another level and honestly better in every aspect and al Pacino probaly had the best acting preformance of all time… Best movie of all time man 
5054 Que películon me quedo con la primera pero no por mucho michel es un personaje excepcionalmente buenoY la banda sonora sigue siendo una maravilla 
5055 he jus like me fr… 
5056 not better than pt. 1 in my opinion but the dinner scene at end and cazale’s “I’m the older brother” tantrum might be better than anything in part 1. you see this and remember just how insulting it was when trump called cuomo “fredo.” deeply deeply insulting. incredible burn on trump’s part. anyway. incredible no filmmaker’s done even half as good a job analyzing the perversion and dissolution of the american dream better than coppola. compounded by the fact that the dude went on to make that movie jack where robin williams is boy in man’s body. insane. 
5057 archived. 
5058  I surprisingly liked it much more then the first one. Everything from the first one is upgraded by at least two, except the performances because those seemed to have just gotten more quieter and subtler. But I think I liked Al Pacino's Godfather performance more then Marlon Brando's. The Cinematography and Production Design are great. The Staging and Blocking look great especially in that early search sequence. The Score got better. I thought there would be more Robert De Niro,…  
5059  "Ten cerca a tus amigos, pero mucho más cerca a tus enemigos" La mejor de la trilogía. El Cine tocó el cielo con esta obra. Nada pudo ni podrá superarla. Es hipnótica. Son 3 horas que quedas pegado a la pantalla sin darte cuenta. El guión, la música, las actuaciones, cada escena y cada fotografía. Es perfecta. Robert De Niro y Alfredo Pacino están un escalón arriba del resto, pero si ellos son un 10, el resto 8/9 puntos. ¡Qué…  
5060 Makes the first one that much better, creating both a prequel and a sequel in one film with both arcs concluding satisfactorily. It’s The Godfather: Part II you know it’s gonna be amazing but damn it’s amazing. 
5061  “My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”This film is very different from others. It is a prequel and sequel in one. Again something that had never been done before. In the first Godfather film you see the power of family and how they work together. While in this one you see the fall of family. Don Corleone handled his business with…  
5062 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   A great, great sequel that lives up to the expectations created in the first movie.The Godfather: Part II just keeps on giving you that bittersweet feeling that's familiar to the franchise, with so many shootings, betrayals and actual jumpscares that you're unable to predict what is coming next. And that's just something you can't get enough of because it's so excellently executed.It may have an incredibly long run-time, but I believe every minute is absolutely worth it simply…   
5063 De Niro & Pacino, two men of similar age, playing father and son — iconic! 
5064 so good. but part 1>>> 
5065  Al Pacino displays a menacing presence throughout the film, but if I’m being completely honest Robert DeNiro as the young Vito Corleone was by far the best part about this film. I understand that this trilogy is focused on Michael, but the first one is outstanding because you see him change as he rises to power. In this one he’s already been through that change, and there isn’t much else done besides the menacing presence to keep me interested in…  
5066 “My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”Even if it is a continuation rather than a sequel, The Godfather Part II is equally as good, if not better, than its predecessor. Honestly, I just wish it was longer. 
5067 “It ain't the way I wanted it! I can handle things! I'm smart! Not like everybody says... like dumb... I'm smart and I want respect!”Goddamn right, Fredo. You show that turd Michael whose boss.This is the greatest family drama ever created. It’s basically this and Party of Five. If I were Coppola, I’d send out a daily press release saying that I gave you all The Godfather films, Dracula, Apocalypse Now, Rumble Fish and now wines. Now purchase my wines you sons of bitches. 
5068 Masterpiece. 
5069 Después de todo el viaje que resulto esta película el flashback de la mesa al final me resulto muy doloroso, por cuanto las cosas han cambiado. 
5070 This month I decided to watch all three Godfather movies. This is obviously the second part of the franchise. The last time I watched parts one and two, I actually thought this was the better of the two. This time around I am back to thinking part one is better. Saying this is not better than one of the best movies of all-time is not really too bad of review. Still a great movie. I wonder if it will rebound to the top spot when I re-watch these movies again.Ranked 2nd of 54 movies on our UMR Al Pacino Movie Ranking Page. www.ultimatemovierankings.com/al-pacino-movies/ 
5071 they had congress hearings omg its just like succession guys 
5072 When the intermission appeared I felt a sence of joy for a second before the movie immediately continued for another 7 hours 
5073 Getting to see this in the cinema was simply amazing. Possibly the only chance I might get and one I won't forget any time soon.It is a testament to man's hubris that we still make films after this. This perfected the art form and that we didn't just pack it up after this was made is crazy. 
5074  'I knew it was you... I knew it was you and you broke my heart'That moment of rage and pain breaking from the tortured Michael Corleone comes like a torrent, and always sends a chill down my spine. The Godfather Part II sees Michael slip further and further from the warm, amused man who attended that wedding with Kay (Diane Keaton) at the start of the original film, as his need for power takes the Corleones to new heights in…  
5075 The best sequences in both films are hands down the Italian ones. Captures a portrait of Italy that I’d love to live in minus the mob bosses. Watching on a big screen is an incredible experience! 
5076 I had forgotten how long and slow the deterioration of this family is. And I think that’s the saddest part for me! The contrast of young Vito’s more virtuous reasons for starting a “business” against Michael’s constant grasping for control is incredibly depressing. 
5077 A perfect sequel?A perfect prequel?The Godfather Part II does it all. A complex story with character development that respectfully builds on Part I. At the centre is a heartbreaking contrast. Vito building his family and Michael losing his. A powerful drama that is every bit the achievement as the first. Which is better? Only personal preference can split them. 
5078 First shot of Al Pacino’s beautiful face on the big screen made me say “oh my god.”When the film finished I turned to Isaac and said “it’s like watching a man destroy his soul.” Michael, you idiot.De Niro eats it up. 
5079 the plot against the emperor failed  
5080  How can I give six stars to a movie?Anyway, there's nothing I can say about this movie that hasn't been said before, so I'm going to write about my experience watching it.I watched it while drinking some cocktails and by the new year's day scene I was feeling a bit typsy, so when Michael said:I knew it was you Fredo!I felt like I was personally offended by Fredo too.My favorite scenes were the new year's…  
5081 mafia family got me tearing up and shit😞 
5082  i stayed up watching this even though i have to work tomorrow... and i don't regret it a single bit. the runtime was intimidating at first, but the story is so beautifully crafted and so goddamn well acted that it ropes you right in and the hours fly by.following the way the plot unfolds and reorients and builds on itself – and the way the stories of vito and michael are woven together – is like watching a fiery…  
5083 al pacino and robert de niro… would actually let them do anything they like to me, idc idc!!! also  diane my beloved LET ME GIVE YOU A SMOOCH!!!! mwah mwah mwah mwah mwah 💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋💋 
5084 Simply the bestAnd that’s a box 
5085  “One thing I learned from Pop was to try to think as people around you think. And on that basis, anything's possible.”One of the all-time greats. Francis Ford Coppola’s Godfather Trilogy is sort of a marvel in how perfect it is in every instance. It’s miraculous something this well crafted exists, with one of the most demanding but exceedingly brilliantly performed roles of all times at its centre, with Pacino’s Michael Corleone. It’s always a blessed day when you…  
5086  كيف نجح فيتو ببناء امبراطوريته… وكيف فشل مايكل بالحفاظ عليها على نهج الجزء الأول تستمر السلسلة في استعراض أهم جوانب قواها .. القيم والمبادئ التي عالجها الجزء الأول موجودة بنفس القدر وأكثر. من معالجة لمسألة انتماء أو تغرّب الايطاليين عن أمريكا الى المعايير التي تمشي أفراد العصابة أو العائلة وفقها.. الثقة والولاء والشرف والذكورية.. وعلى النقيض من هذا الجانب الخيانة والكذب والعنصرية يطرح الجزء الثاني خطيّن أساسيين في القصّة.. قصّة صعود فيتو كورليون في الماضي وتسلّقه وصولاً الى النفوذ.. وقصة…  
5087 missing michael corleone hours </3 
5088 Michael eats an orange in a really cursed way in that one scene. If 31 year old Robert De Niro was president, they'd call him Babraham Lincoln. 
5089 al pacino is such a pleasure for my eyes and heart, but i believe goodfellas is a more exciting mafia movie. just my thoughts 
5090  De la trilogía, mi favorita. El origen de Vito es tal y como lo plasma el libro y gracias a Dios que se rescata ese pasaje. Si El Padrino es de por sí ya una obra maestra, a esta segunda parte directamente se le puede llamar una obra de Dios mismo; es una cinta brutal que nos muestra la evolución de Michael y su ascenso al poder, así como también, el comienzo de su final. Si conocen un poco de…  
5091  For me this might not have been the best film I have ever seen. I felt overwhelmed by it at times and I'm now really at loss of words. But it's a masterpiece nonetheless. I'm not even starting on cinematography as we all know that this film is literally flawless and so good-looking. The story itself was merely semi-import. This is more of a character study. I found myself twisted. Not knowing who to sympathize with. It was really interesting…  
5092 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  "I know it was you Fredo, you broke my heart". If anyone ever betrays me imma do that shit. Stone fucking cold. Me and a couple of friends started up our own Italian Mafia in the town. We're not big into the business and killing stuff but we make sure to stay true to the Italian culture (cheek kissing, hugging, lip kissing etc.). One time one of the buttons was being real disrespectful and I had to give him a blowjob.91/100  
5093 Michael Corleone is one of the greatest characters of all time. 
5094 When that shitty landlord almost pissed himself in front of the Godfather, I knew that this was pure art. 
5095 When I saw the first movie, I thought it was the best. But, when I get to the sequel/prequel, it gets even better. The performance, the writing, and story was amazing. Just like the first movie. 
5096  تحفففففة اعظم من الجزء الاول وامتع الاول كان فيه ملل قاتل عكس هذا الجزء المثير لاهتمام  والمليان اجوبة عن التساؤلات اللي طرحناه اثناء مشاهدة الاول حسيت بخيبتين الاولى لما الموسيقى الاصلية للجزء الاول ما ظهرت كثير لاني مرتبط فيها ارتباط تام والثانية لما انتهى احس النهاية كئيبة اكثر من انها حزينة وبنفس الوقت تمنيت تكون المدة اطول شوي يعني فعليييا ثلاث ساعات ونص وبالذات الساعة الثانية الفلم يخليك تتمنى يستمر اكثر تمنيته يكون اطول ولا كنهاية  جميلة تحفة عظيم استحق…  
5097 the sigh that left my mouth when i saw the 200 minute runtime … filmbros you are on thin ice i can’t do this for much longer 
5098 with coppola commentary!like the commentary for part 1 coppola spends a lot of time talking about my exact issues with the movie, namely its feeling of being a smoother, more confident, bigger-budget remake of the first film. 
5099  “My father's name was Antonio Andolini, and this is for you!”A long and beautiful expansion on the groundbreaking original, The Godfather: Part II is just what you’d want from a sequel.Even more so, it manages to trump the original as the best of the trilogy, it takes everything that was good about the original and expand upon it, as well as adding a whole new element, Vito Corleone’s past, with young Vito being perfectly cast as Robert De…  
5100 I watched this for the second time a couple of days ago and it’s still just as good as the first time I saw it. Although a lot of parts in this are some of the best in the whole trilogy, the first one is the best since it is more rewatch able. I still love the ending scene. 
5101  The first is better when it comes to structure and storytelling, but the second is better in every other way. The scope and tragedy is as ambitious as it gets, covering more ground then the first film. I wonder how people felt at the time when the sequel was being made? Were they excited or upset, because if a Godfather-tier movie was made today and got a sequel, a lot of people would be moaning about it. I guess the…  
5102 Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro.Like we didn’t get Marlon Brando bc of the story line but damn this is just as much as a masterpiece from Part 1.We got a back compelling amazing (tragic too but that’s drama for you) story line that plays well into the current drama. The parade city scene with DeNiro, New Years Eve scene, boat scene and last scene are my favorite and iconic scenes. It’s just an amazing film. 
5103 100I wish more people knew about this film 
5104 dilfs vito with a moustache/dead behind the eyes michael is something that can be so personal actually 
5105  Movies lost me to prestige TV for a little while. Huge casts of characters with multiple conflicting arcs seemed exciting! But eventually, flaws became apparent. Writers' rooms with only vague ideas about where the plot should end up would write themselves into corners, then drop plotlines entirely. Stories that seemed propulsive at the time now look aimless. I've had my fill. I'm back to the perfect little nuggets of story you can get in a film of 2-or-so hours.I…  
5106 i could fix michael corleone <3 kidding aside though, i loved this more than the first one. it's just so heartbreaking and breathtaking, especially the alternating of scenes between vito and mike. never thought i'd want more of it even though it's over 3 hours long. 
5107 ' If there's one thing that's certain in life and history has taught us, that we can kill anyone ' .Character Arc of Michael Corleone is enough to tell how masterful the writing and this movie is . 
5108 Kurz mal den begnadetsten Cast Hollywoods auf Film gebannt, Erzählstrukturen revolutioniert und die wohl best möglichste Fortsetzung zu einem Film abgeliefert, der die Messlatte höher nicht hätte setzen können. Sprechen kann man von diesem Film nur in Superlativen. Erinnern wird man sich für immer. 
5109 it’s hard for me to rate this, I definitely enjoyed watching more than the first and a lot of it did tug at my heart strings - I think it was a really great *LONG* story and I might watch again someday...I miss vito tbh I cried like 3 times how could you do this to me mr al pacino 💔💔 
5110 I mean, its no Twixt98% 
5111 me watching this on my birthday when the last scene in the movie takes place on vito corleone’s birthday yeah that’s poetry 
5112  Though the the intercuts between Vito's story and Michael's story deflate some of the palpable tension, the films teeters on the line between "long and boring" and "masterpiece", before eventually falling into the latter.The masterfully constructed scenes, majorly painted in various orange themed hues, convey the assertion of strength in adverse times. The juxtaposition of Vito's rise to power and Michael's declining power and strained relations was brilliant.Al Pacino was awesome but it's De Niro who stole the…  
5113 she’s a cute girl, you know cute next to gorgeous... gorgeous is gonna you know, devour cute. 
5114 𝙞 𝙠𝙣𝙤𝙬 𝙞𝙩 𝙬𝙖𝙨 𝙮𝙤𝙪, 𝙛𝙧𝙚𝙙𝙤. 𝙮𝙤𝙪 𝙗𝙧𝙤𝙠𝙚 𝙢𝙮 𝙝𝙚𝙖𝙧𝙩.𝙮𝙤𝙪 𝙗𝙧𝙤𝙠𝙚 𝙢𝙮 𝙝𝙚𝙖𝙧𝙩. 
5115 al pacino changed the world of cinema forever and is probably the most talented man to ever exist yup happy 81st birthday king! i love you so much age is just a number 
5116 I feel like this is sort of an unbalanced movie, the first two halves have some pretty exciting sequences like the assassination scene with younger Vito and the Cuban Revolution scene with older Michael. It's not that this grinds to halt with drama, the tension that leads to Fredo's death on the boat is so painful that it is hard to watch. Perhaps this is a sequel that is better than the original, but Part One is much more watchable. 
5117 i feel like a lot of people who watch this film severely overlook the fact that that the cuban revolution ended on the new year’s day of 1959 
5118  This movie gets better every time, each viewing I get more and more out of it. The first film is an incredibly difficult triumph to surpass, yet the second part managed to do it. I believe this absolutely is the best one. With the phenomenally smart and complex use of intertextuality, the story beats mirror the events in the first film but with a new meaning and context. This is the perfect way to do a sequel, and adds a…  
5119  Na geht doch!Als ich vor genau 3 Monaten Godfather 1 gesehen habe, war ich nicht begeistert. Die Erzählung war sehr langsam und die Charaktere haben irgendwie auch genervt :DThe Godfather 2 macht das viel besser. Er gestaltet die Erzählung viel interessanter und die Charaktere sind mir auch sympathischer und nicht nur irgendwelche abgefahrenen und verschlossenen Gangster. Auch die Kameraarbeit ist lebendiger gestaltet und nicht nur andauernd ein Stehbild in der Totale.Mir hat außerdem gut gefallen, dass es…  
5120 No me decido cual me gusta mas, la 1 o la 2. 
5121  MICHAEL CORLEONE'S UNSTABLE PEAKFrancis Ford Coppola repeats the mastery of a couple of years ago and brings the distortion of the family ideology, a criminal epic that ends in the son's betrayal to his family and his own father's legacy. The director knows how to surprise again by dividing his story into 2 timelines to meet a couple of objectives: the first, to set apart roles and personalities by uniting the present and the past, the son's actions together…  
5122 Picking between Part I and II is legitimately impossible. Not better than Part I like some people say though. 
5123 Yep it really is one of the best sequels ever made. 
5124 pals who told me this was a masterpiece yet again i am in ur debt!!! robert de niro and al pacino u are EVERYTHINGGGGG 
5125 You know that feeling when the movie really is That Good 
5126 michael corleone and young vito corleone could text me at 11:47 pm and i’d respond at 11:46 pm 
5127 can michael smile at least once 
5128 A deeply felt echo of despair and sadness lines the hollow walls of this tragic portrait of American greed and capitalism corrupting and destroying a man who could not handle the shoes he stepped into, juxtaposed against the father who built that empire decades earlier, and the fluctuating perspectives of these two men. One rises and one crumbles. An immigrant manipulates the American dream as he comes to power, while his American born son becomes cursed with that burden. Slow, quiet and haunted. Would make a good double feature with The Irishman, if you've got 7 hours to kill. 
5129 I'm doubly impressed. 
5130 3h 22minsElemental Lens Plot 
5131 Calm down Mike! 
5132 John Cazale...an incredible talent. sometimes I think about what parts in what movies would’ve gone to Cazale over the years. how many Oscars he’d have amassed by now. what a loss.also merry Christmas, everybody! 
5133  The mafia dealings of The Godfather Part II almost fade into the background when compared to the flashier violence of Part 1, leaving behind a deeper, more introspective character piece that expertly chronicles the rise of Robert DeNiro’s Vito Corleone & the beginning of the end for Al Pacino’s Don Michael Corleone.Making this both a prequel and a sequel was a masterful move in my eyes, because the contrast in events from one timeline forces you to reevaluate your feelings…  
5134  É praticamente uma revisão tatibitati do primeiro filme. Os temas retornam, mas aqui são explicado pausadamente cada sucessão e motivo de transformação dos personagens. Se no primeiro a sutileza psicológica e sensorial é o que comandava, aqui Coppola e Puzo pegam a mãozinha do expectador e vai apontado e dizendo: "AH! Foi assim que ele se tornou vingativo e chefe do crime! 😮👍" Não à toa tanta gente gosta mais desse do que do primeiro. Acho que um dos poucos…  
5135 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   At one point, Michael says "You broke my heart, Fredo." Well, Michael you broke my heart when you put a bullet into sweet Fredo's head, completely unnecessarily. Ridiculous. I simply do not stan. Anyways, Fredo Corleone is a fucking baller. Dude shows up decked out every scene in some dope suit and his dope mustache. I was just gonna use this review to rate his fits but oh well. He is the true tragic hero of these movies. All he…   
5136 I'm not going to lie, despite many considering this superior to the first, I was reluctant in watching this. I felt the first was a self-contained story about the sins of the father and all that good stuff. I didn't think it needed to be continued.Well, fuck me sideways with a broom handle, it's just as good. My one complaint (if it can even be considered a complaint) is that there was not enough de Niro. Every second he's onscreen, he embodies Vito Corleone and commands your attention. He's so damn good and at times, it seems like it's effortless to him. 
5137 Telling the waiter “make sure everybody sees the cake before we cut it,” forcing him to bring it around to every single guest for a quick look, is the most gangster shit I’ve ever seen 
5138 2 or so hours of plot development, then "Intermission," and then 80 or so minutes of incredible dread and melancholy and anxiety? Prequel-ish stuff like "the origin of Vito liking oranges?" Almost dark cinematography? There is nothing like this film. I don't even know why it works! I can tell you that I want to start watching it more often now. 
5139  Incredible sequel... In fact probably one of the best sequels ever made. In my mind it's right up there with the likes of 'Before Sunset' and Satyajit Ray's 'Aparijito'. Films that aren't made for profit and that drag on a story unnecessarily, but breathe new life into an already existing piece of art.Part II of the Corleone saga begins with the first ever piece of characterisation of Vito Corleone in a flashback to when he was nine years old…  
5140 Le seul film meilleur que Le Parrain II, c'est le premier. 
5141 Black Panther for wops. 
5142 a forma como o copolla foi genial nesse em mostrar a ascensão e queda do michael como padrinho e fracassando ao tentar ser como o pai é brilhante! narrando o passado e o presente da família corleone. depois dessa sequência não resta dúvidas que poderoso chefão é o melhor filme de máfia já feio na história do cinema e nunca irão supera-lo. AL PACINO TE AMO PAPAI 
5143 i would like vito corleone to take me out, on a date or with a gun 
5144 89The longest movie I’ve ever seen.Apt review?I don’t know...there’s a lot to love - Pacino gets better, De Niro’s pretty fantastic, and a lot of it works more aesthetically dynamic than the first (I.e. globetrot that’s tenfold more interesting). Family is still family, but I dunno, maybe it feels like I should’ve watched this earlier so that the more traditional elements don’t feel so vanilla when they were pretty much pioneers all those decades ago. Am I dubious? No, not really. Just kinda bored. 
5145 IN MY HOME! IN MY BEDROOM! WHERE MY WIFE SLEEPS?!?! so true michael 
5146 Greatest sequel of all time? Not all sequels can be better than there predecessor but Godfather Part II does just that. Another great story and great performances. De Niro steals the show. 
5147 Grade: C+Liked it a little better than the first one.Coppola Family Ranked 
5148 happy bday robby d 
5149 happy 77th birthday de niro you beautiful sicilian speaking bastard 
5150 This is now in my top 3 of all time for sure and Pacino as Michael Corleone is probably my favorite performance ever. Very very anxious to see part 3. 
5151 although i liked the first one more, this is still a fantastic film! the acting in this was beautiful. it felt like everything that was happening was real! 
5152 Talk about horny! Add DeNiro to the equation and I’m in babyyy! This movie was actually as good as everyone said it would be! Bring on part 3 baby 
5153  A successful follow up to the fantastic first film. Godfather Part 2 does everything right to build on the characters and story from the first. With both being directed by Francis Ford Coppola, the film keeps its same tone and themes throughout. While being about 3 hours and 30 minutes, I was never bored as the time past. My favorite aspects of this film was the addition of young Vito Corleone played by Robert De Niro. Since it’s two story’s…  
5154  Ughh, qué complicado esto. A ver, la comparación es innevitable. Veo a esta secuela como la antítesis de la primer película. Mientras The Godfather nos introducía desde la familia al crimen, The Godfather Part II comienza en el crimen más acérrimo para, poco a poco, adentrarse en el drama familiar más profundo.  Es una secuela mucho mejor en términos de guión, en fotografía, en dirección e incluso en profundidad. Sin embargo, pesa. El ritmo implacable que tenía la primer entrega…  
5155 Huge shoutout to my dad who had to translate HALF the movie because HALF the movie is in Italian and we had Russian subtitles on. Unlike most movies, I dreaded seeing Robert De Niro because it meant 10 more minutes of Italian which my dad translates into Russian, a language I somehow went my entire life pretending that I understand. Good movie, glad this was my first time watching it! Part 3 here we come!Update: Finally got through to Letterboxd to have them correct the cast list! 
5156  The Godfather: Part II ♻️{100%} 💯Just a note... you can check out my all time favorites list here, it’s a constantly changing and expanding list where I’ve ranked every film I’ve given a 100% rating. This film along with the first Godfather both together occupy the 3rd place position, of course in the ranking they had to be separated but I consider them as one, partially so I can cram more films into my top 10 😂 and…  
5157  I prefer part 1, mainly because it Marlon Brando and his presence  but holy fuck was this a perfect movie.Both Al Pacino and Niro are phenomenal in this movie. Michael and Vito Corleone are truly two of the best written characters ever. I do edge Al Pacino for best performance but again both were brilliant. Michael Corleone’s character is so brilliantly emotionally complex. He becomes so consumed by violence and negativity in the end. I think that’s what makes…  
5158 look, all its praise is rightly deserved. this is an incredible movie. i will plead the fifth every time on which one is better, i think that’s one of the most redundant arguments in pop culture. that being said, this is possibly the foremost illustration of the illusion of American exceptionalism. i had never seen this before and didn’t know what lens to view it through, but it’s abundantly obvious as soon as Vito arrives in America. 
5159 🎶 on the cue: love theme from the godfather 🎶this is the exact reason why i always knew vito was the superior corleone 
5160 Empires are built on blood. The American Dream is cut-throat, cruel and immoral. 
5161 : “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”Puzo and Coppola deliver again with this epic sequel to the greatest crime film ever, you can count on one hand sequels that are equal to their predecessor or even surpass them and must be right at top of that list. Pacino is on fine form as the more vindictive Michael Corleone, but it’s De Niro who shines the brightest as the young Vito Corleone. What a brilliant casting call that  was , also quite clever how the film is split perfectly  between the two Corleone stories. Roll on part 3. 
5162  to get it out of the way: robert de niro and al pacino made several points. but my god i feel sick for michael corleone. i haven’t a clue if the book provides more of an internal monologue, more feeling the way the third act does, but if that’s the case i need to get on it. the cold and calculating thing with michael is a lot more difficult to digest with the third act (the best act, i think…  
5163  The Godfather movies are really like the acting olympics. Just too many good performances to count. Pacino, Keaton, Duvall, Cazale, and De Niro just to name a few. So many other great supporting performances and characters that play key to this movie. I think that this movie is better than the first Godfather movie. I like the two parallel stories of the rise of Michael and the rise of Vito. You can see the contrast between the two and how…  
5164 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   +Al pacino killed it at being the Don of the Corleone family. Particularly his performace is incredible in the scene where Kay admits to the abortion.+De Niro's performance as a younger Vito is perfect. It was clear that there were hints of Brando's portrayal in the character rather than him attempting to recreate it. My favourite De Niro scene was when he retutned to kill Don Ciccio.+Both unique storylines set in Vito's past and the present day were…   
5165 holy shit guys 
5166  How does one even start talking about The Godfather: Part II? Truth is, you can't. Everything that made the original fantastic is just as present here, if not more-so. I find it gets bogged-down more with its inner politics (given that 3 and a half-hour running time), but let it be known: this is a very different film than the last one. Whereas Part I is a streamlined, sweeping epic about loyalty and the rise of power, this one is…  
5167 takes the original godfather and expands upon it perfectly. a beast of a fucking film. perfect. 
5168  Well, it’s The Godfather Part 2. Need I say more?Actually, I should. You might remember me saying in my review for The Godfather how “Al Pacino, James Caan, and Robert Duvall all (deservedly) got nominated for Best Supporting Actor at the 1973 Oscars. So I’m wondering if there has been any instance since then of the Oscars giving 60% of their nominations in any category towards one film”? Well, there was another instance of that happening... The Godfather Part…  
5169 Al Pacino's Michael Corleone is one of the best performances you'll ever see. The splicing of the Michael timeline with the Little Italy of Vito is beautiful and the silent Robert De Niro is mesmerizing. The Cuba sequence doesn't feel tacky and the party scene down there is amazing. You realize on the rewatch how great John Cazale is in this movie and how little time he has in the first one.  It ain't the way I wanted it! I can handle things! I'm smart! Not like everybody says... like dumb... I'm smart and I want respect!  
5170 The last one at the table.Should I see the third one? I don’t know. This one just stands so supreme in my mind. This is just cinema from concentrate. So so good. 
5171  It's amazing that you can step down so much with a sequel. The main points of the film are there, but this is just not even close to being on par with the first film. The film itself seems to be about all that Michael can't give his family, and why they hate him for it. His sister hates him because she has no financial independence from him (though this is actually because she is entitled), Fredo hates him because…  
5172 pretty good you guys 
5173 just wanted to pay tribute to how absolutely perfect and raw and heartbreaking john cazale's performance is in this film. so many of the emotional beats would fail to hit if the audience didn't love fredo and that's entirely down to him 
5174  “I don’t feel I have to wipe everybody out Tom. Just my enemies.”God, I love this film. It’s undoubtedly a masterpiece, not only is it on par with ‘The Godfather’ in my opinion it surpasses it in every regard.The approach this film takes of showing two parallel storyline of father & son is absolutely fascinating, especially when those characters are as legendary as Vito & Michael Corleone. The opening scene of Vito arriving in New York literally gave me goosebumps. The…  
5175  Three hours ago I was like: “I have two options: I can either watch The Godfather Part II or go to my university and study to build a career for myself.” Then I remembered that my university is closed because Coronavirus decided to spread through Italy, so here I am, 202 minutes later.Maybe I am wrong, but is this film the only one in history to work not only as a sequel but also as a prequel? It seamlessly combines…  
5176 Michael, your father loves you very much. Very much.Unbelievable.Truly, a perfect movie. Unlike anything I have ever seen before. I don’t think there is a proper way for me to review this without undermining it’s brilliance. From the top to the very end, I didn’t want a second of the movie to feel short. I’ve never wanted a movie to be endless so badly before.Spectacular.I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. 
5177 More ambitious, patient, and bleak. To me, this film stands on par with the first film in terms of quality, but overall I'll say I still prefer the first one.Also, it's insane that Gordon Willis wasn't nominated for Best Cinematography in the first 2 films. 
5178  Everyday I repeat the same 4 lines from this masterpiece, which are:- I know it was you fredo. You broke my heart!- an abortion Michael! Just like our marriage is an abortion. Something that's unholy and evil!- in my bedroom, where my wife sleeps!... Where my children come and play with their toys- I just don't feel i have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemiesI can't help it.I want to mention that…  
5179 Without any doubt one of the greatest sequels in cinema history. More of a character study which culminates in an ending which is Shakespearean in time. Pacino in GOD MODE. 
5180 if you catch me sleeping during the godfather part two mind your own fucking business 
5181 young Al Pacino can get it 
5182 As much as I loved watching this film, I couldn't help thinking that a movie simply about Michael Corleone's troubles as the Don or Vito's journey up the ranks of the criminal underworld would be equally as thrilling and fascinating - but of course this film still delivers phenomenal cinematic technique and grandeur so I cannot complain. I suppose that in this case, you can't have too much of a good thing. 
5183  I'm a Cuban woman - a dancer - working in an American-owned club in Havana. It is the eve of the revolution, and the air is thick, effervescent with fear and cautious hope. The Castristas rage outside the building while rich and the powerful foreigners spend the money they have made off our backs through Batista's spineless rule.This night, Castristas know, is different. It will change the course of Cuban history. But tonight feels different for another reason. Tonight,…  
5184 Pretty cool feeling when you get to one of the best movies ever made and have nothing smart, interesting, or fun to say about it. 
5185 the guy shaking while meeting de niro... samebtw you’re not right for saying this is a bad movie. it’s objectively good but you’re annoying and pretentious with bad taste and THATS OKAY. but you’re wrong. Just A Btw 
5186 Watched this with my parents (their first viewing and my 50th) and they were completely enraptured - which is really saying something considering it was the uncut cable version so thats like 4.5 hrs easily after commercials FUCKING ADVERTS but yeah long live one of best sequels ever made 
5187 Thank you for this Al Pacino acting legend 
5188 michael in court: how could i have done any of these crimes? im babyme who knows he did the crimes: damn...hes right. 
5189 Going off the fact that The Godfather was a perfect masterpiece, I was blown away at how the sequel (maybe the best sequel of all time) actually triumphed over the original. Al Pacino and Robert De Niro (who absolutely deserved the Academy Awards for best supporting actor) take on parallel storylines that show how ruthless young Vito Corleone could be and how much more his son (the new Don) could be, even towards his own brother. 
5190 al pacino was so hot in this 
5191 It feels too schematic in its construction and too blatant in its thematics. Not that the first part was really a subtle film in that regard, but this just hammers its point home really hard. Also tries too hard to be a sequel (read: imitates the first part too much) and although it does expand a bit upon certain aspects of part 1, it ultimately doesn’t really introduce any interesting new ideas itself. Also, Don Vito’s plot feels kinda pointless at the end of the day. 
5192 Everyone is allowed to have their own opinions but this is literally the best movie ever made 
5193  Just the slightest step down from The Godfather, but in comparing it to footsteps, it's more like a single step than the whole flight of stairs. The prequel-sequel hybrid narrative is really what brings things down just that much: as unique of a narrative device it is, and how well it juxtaposes its two protagonists, it sometimes feels like Coppola is biting off just a bit more than he can chew compared to the far more streamlined narrative of The…  
5194  I'm a little unsure at the moment, after all watching these two 3 hour movies back-to-back sort of made them blend into one awesome epic, but you know what I think I just might prefer this to 'The Godfather'. Maybe its just because I was reaching the end of this saga (yes I know theres a third but I hear its sub-par), I found myself getting quite emotional towards the end of Part 2. I think thats because its a…  
5195 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   If anything in this life is certain if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone.It's no secret that 72' Godfather disappointed me and left a sour taste in my mouth. I thought I'd like it, but it turned out to be a very monotonous and boring journey. As for this film, The Godfather II is an entirely opposite experience. Coppola's 1974 film did everything the first wasn't able to do. This film isn't afraid…   
5196  I might be biased considering I am an Italian man, Al Pacino is my real father, and him and I share the same nose size and nose shape but this movie slaps you in the teeth so hard that by the time the ending rolls up 3 hours later, you can smell the cannolis and pasta cooking in the kitchen. You're not Italian? This movie will make you become one by the end. As I type this review my mamma…  
5197 AL PACINO, GOD OF ACTING 
5198 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  It wasn't a miscarriage!5 stars for that line alone.  
5199 "I'm your older brother, Mike, and I was stepped over!""That's the way Pop wanted it.""It ain't the way I wanted it! I can handle things! I'm smart! Not like everybody says... Like dumb. I'm smart and I want respect!"Really... What more can be said about The Godfather: Part II? 
5200 This movie did something incredible, it's on par with the first one. 
5201  If The Godfather is a chronicle of the Corleone family, The Godfather Part II is about their end. True, it is also about their beginnings, but those flashbacks serve more as a eulogy; a remembrance of what the Corleone family once were and a tragic reminder of what has been lost. This tragedy is further found in Michael's arc, which is a further descent into brutality, and Al Pacino's searing performance. He's cold, but there is real rage bubbling beneath…  
5202 SO GOOD! Gives Empire Strikes Back a run for its money. 
5203 Like its predecessor, The Godfather 2 is an absorbing, epic experience. I sat in front of my television screen for more than three hours, but it really only felt like a few minutes. I can't really say which one of the first two movies I like better, but the last few minutes of TGf2 were for me the best moments of the entire saga. 
5204  The Godfather Part II is an almost flawless sequel to its fantastic predecessor, The Godfather. This film contains absolutely incredible performances from the entire cast, an emotional and perfectly told story and fantastic direction and cinematography. This one of the best made films ever just like the first one. Although it's tough to choose which one is better, they're both masterpieces and there is no denying that. The story of younger Vito Corleone was also so interesting and it never…  
5205  The New Years Resolutions - Film #27(Coppola 2/5)The scale is bigger. The budget is larger. The run-time is longer. But is the film better? I couldn't really say.On almost all accounts this is another Coppola masterpiece; the story-telling is pure and clear, the performances are magnetic and the overall look is gorgeous (Everything set in 1900's America is stunning). I love the ideas that Puzo and Coppola attempt to explore here; not only is this the story…  
5206 It took me a really long time to figure out that I found the De Niro flashbacks so much more compelling and superior to the shenanigans in Nevada because the warm, seductive olive light of that line is almost hagiographic. The blues and beiges of Michael's world are either too cold or too sickly, striving without feeling. Because a man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man. You're a bastard, Gordon Willis. 
5207  Talk about a sequel that nailed everything! Let's talk about The Godfather Part II. This is literally one of the most difficult films to create. Thankfully, Coppola did have a source material to look to but seeing how perfect everything about the original was, it would be difficult to even near the original and thank god, The Godfather comes very close to topping the original and in some aspects, does top it!Talking about performances, every single casting choice is…  
5208  The question as old as time itself...since about the mid 70's...Which is better, The Godfather or its counterpart?The Godfather Part II is about as tightly wounded as films can get, it's damn long yet it never wastes any of it's time. The structure is a tad strange, split between Vitio and Micheal to create a similar narrative path between the two, yet giving you huge chunks of the stories at once, but only a minor complaint to the…  
5209  Rett og slett wow. Er rewatch av Gudfaren triologien i påska med fammen. Og denne var den jeg har mest spent på å se. Første gangen jeg så denne (for over 3 år siden) hadde jeg skyhøye forventninger som denne ikke nådde. I tillegg til at jeg datt litt av på historien som gjorde at enkelte hendelser i filmen ikke fikk den «impacten» den burde. Men du milde Moses for en film dette er. Satt med åpen munn store deler…  
5210  Best picture project #55Won in 1974I did it!!!!All 95 best picture winners seen. And what a film to end it on.The Godfather movies for me are hard to get into. I cannot deny the masterful filmmaking going on here yet I can never get engaged as I wanted to.This was a little bit different. Somehow, I found myself a little more engaged with the characters and as a result, got lost in a web of…  
5211 al pacino and robert de niro in the same movie? that's an offer i can't refuse 
5212 the scope and scale of the deniro storyline is a dream come true. the amount of background actors and locations is mind blowing. it’s truly a shame we’ll basically never get anything quite like that ever again. not that it dies with coppola but that hollywood just doesn’t give a fuck anymore.  the story here i’m less over the moon about but i love the filmmaking more than in the first part. truly remarkable stuff. 
5213 choosing between this or the godfather is literally impossible. 
5214 Вторая часть понравилась даже больше.Идея с двумя линиями повествования, которые сплетаются вместе очень хорошо обыграна.Здесь ещё больше драмы, чем в первом фильме и по окончании просмотра остаётся грустный осадок.Великолепное кино в итоге.Смотреть третью часть нет желания видя оценки и ревью, да и тут такая подходящая истории грустная нота, что не хочется чем-то перебивать эмоции. 
5215 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Meiner Meinung nach noch ein wenig besser als Teil 1. De Niro hatt hiermit seinen ersten Oscar bekommen (definitiv verdient, wie immer ist er hier großartig) und auch Pacino gibt wieder eine Wahnsinnsperformance ab. Wie auch schon im ersten Teil sind alle Charaktere gut geschrieben und machen eine nachvollziehbare Entwicklung durch. Und wenn Pacino am Ende einen Teil seiner Familie tötet, ist das eine extrem heftige Szene und nimmt einen mit, denn nun ist Pacino nur noch ein gefühlsloser Godfather,…   
5216 The most supremely overrated sequel of all time which amplifies the vast faults of its predecessor. Plot is non-existent. Story flow is horrifically muddled with its double-narrative structure: the Vito plotline adds nothing to the film and bogs down an already overlong film, while the Michael plotline is profoundly dull and convoluted. Has some plot holes and contrivances. Fredo's turn is revealed early in the film, undercutting subsequent drama. Most sequences are tediously drawn out and Pacino's acting is often too dreary. Another foul boring mess of a crime drama. Rating: F 
5217  A fantastic sequel to another fantastic film. Whenever I watch these films I can't help but compare the first to this, part 2 as I see them in lists all the time, never with a clear winner. I believe that this film is fantastically acted, with standout performances from Pacino, De Niro and the late John Cazale and a great story that really compounds the first film.However. I'm still in the camp of wishing that 1917-1925 De Niro story…  
5218  Theatrical releaseI constantly go back and forth on whether I like this or part I, and I think I've edged this one ever so slightly ahead.So many gorgeous shots and Pacino is just unreal. The screen presence he has is just unlike anything I've ever seen, and a rewatch in the theater just really sells it. He walks into a scene and everything shifts, it's unbelievable. Deniro also does a great job obviously, as does literally everyone in…  
5219 al pacino  gostoso  al pacino sexy al pacino bonito al pacino fofo al pacino talentoso al pacino incrível  al pacino perfeito al pacino maravilhoso al pacino namorado al pacino meigo al pacino meu al pacino melhor ator da face da terra al pacino lindo al pacino daddy al pacino marido  al pacino hot al pacino cômico  al pacino glamuroso al pacino charmoso al pacino amável  al pacino meu namorado. 
5220 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  It's been more than a year since I last saw this and being a bit older now I actually felt quite sorry for Fredo. The poor guy just wanted to be respected and be able to fish with little Anthony. Michael, you heartless wreck.  
5221  .                          ______                         /          \                  _________________    🔫 🫲🏽              |🚬___|               🤌🏽          \   /———|——-|———\   /             \ /  …  
5222 the midfather: part II 
5223 So sinister. So insidious. So heartbreaking. Every line, every gesture, every movement is monumental. A masterclass in charting changing relationships and character dynamics, brought to life through Coppola’s inimitable command of film form.Mirroring the rise of Vito’s way of business with the legacy of that same business being enacted by Michael, is the master stroke. Genius.This is now the longest film I’ve ever seen in the cinema, but I could have sat through double the length. Just purely sublime filmmaking. Fucking incredible.“I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.” 
5224 The first movie someone dared to ask "what if there were two godfathers?" 
5225 Not as good as the first 
5226 al pacino goes down on an orange and also other things happen 
5227 The cool thing about Al Pacino and Robert De Niro is that they’re really good actors 
5228 i hate that these movies are classified as overrated and film bro-ie when it’s acc one of the few classics that are absolutely appropriately rated 
5229 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Michael Corleone: My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.The Godfather: Part II is one of those sequels where it is hailed as better than the original as I'm sure everyone who's reading this review knows. While the ratings on Letterboxd might disagree I actually think this is better than the original. Pacino's performance is even better than last time. Coppola's directing…   
5230 Al Pacino this, Martin Scorsese that... overrated. 
5231 Imagine watching this in a theater. That would be an out-of-body experience. 
5232  Wow. I am definitely a Godfather Part II type of person. Al Pacino is just captivating in every way. The way he can transform himself to have a different personality and physicality while playing the same character is especially evident in the last scene. The way he can go from being in his mid 20s to his 50s just by a facial expression (and a few gray hairs) is remarkable. After Michael becomes the don, the movie just becomes about how…  
5233  💯100% A+Summary:The sequel to 1972’s The Godfather, which follows both the rises of power of Michael & Vito Corleone and how Michael goes through many tragic events while Vito starts the beginning of his life of crime.My Thoughts:Wow, what a masterpiece this film is. It amazed me in terms when you look at how it really pays attention to character arcs along with lighting & camerawork. There’s specific shots such as one wide shot that has a window…  
5234 I don't know if I liked this one more just because I watched both in a row and thus I was more attached to the characters or what. Anyway, this movie is epic in every way, also in its length, but I could have been watching it for another three hours.And as person who has fucked many things up: Fredo deserved better. 
5235  [Up from 3.5 stars. I like it more than I used to, and I had to give more credit for how well executed this movie really is, but The Godfather will always be better in my eyes. Part II's plot is too involved and hazy, and I'm too aware of its runtime. The first film relayed outright Vito's and Michael's characterizations, so three-and-a-half hours of embellishment seem unnecessary. Besides, almost all the power of Part II is predicated on the…  
5236 The Godfather part 2, ah more like The Garbagefather Fart 2, atrocious in every sense. Robert De Niro only speaks Italian in this film and so that’s a big negative, and you have to read subtitles, like I want to WATCH a film not READ a film. All they do is talk and talk and this is an Italian Movie, but where’s the ninja turtles!?!? big no no0.3/10 
5237 Well, I liked it better than the first one, but man, what a depressing movie. 
5238 Probably the best dramatic sequel ever made. 
5239  Um irmão abraça o outro, perdoando todos os seus erros. A música cresce, tornando a cena extremamente emocionante. Perdão e amor fraterno arrebatadores em um dos grandes momentos do cinema. Mas basta um olhar de um desses irmãos para o capanga que está por ali e a trilha sonora perde seu ímpeto, esmorece. A cena tão emocionante que acabamos de ver é uma mentira do diretor, criada para refletir o mundo de hipocrisia em que vive o seu protagonista. É…  
5240 Top 3 Nevada film of all time 
5241 Lost a half-star because it’s no Shrek 2.  
5242 Still a dance of death, but part II keeps my attention and interest more than part I. This instillation of a Prequel/Sequel, weaves the two stories well and if it's even possible, adds some humanity in the mix. I say that skeptically, since it's just so hard to find amongst the bloodshed. Eye for an eye code of contact through the generations, plays before me like a hellscape. There's no one to trust, really, and the chance of being offed, or a family member being taken out, is always there. It's all so pointless, but who could ever escape the macabre scene? 
5243  these are pretty much the same movie for me. i wanted to love this movie soooo bad u don’t even understand. with that being said, i probably prefer the 1st one MAYBE just a bit more, just cause i thought it was a bit more unique, and cuz i loved Vito, but regardless this was damn near just as good. im not even gonna hold you, i may have fallen asleep for like 5 minutes during the middle of the…  
5244  The midfather part 2. Unfortunately, I finally got around to watching this sorry excuse of a documentary. To put it delicately, this just wasn’t good. My first of many criticisms is that it wasn’t nearly long enough. With a screen time of just over three hours , I felt utterly scammed. It’s a mystery to me how this documentary comes in the form of a mere trilogy. With the poor pacing and the minuscule length of each one, I’m shocked…  
5245  Man, I can't really tell if I like this more than part 1 or not. I think part 1 just surprised me more. There's more shocking scenes in it. But this is still deserving of a 10 and i respect the hell out of both of these movies. The cast is great again. Al Pacino continues to be great, John Cazale is great as Fredo (fucking Fredo), and I really liked seeing a young Robert De Niro as Vito.Honestly…  
5246  It's a testament to how insanely good this movie is that I have a difficult time deciding between Part I and Part II of The Godfather. I end up falling on the side of the original, but it's extremely close. Part II has this massive, epic feel that is so ambitious yet so precise. It's the sort of movie that really couldn't be made today - it's incredibly long, unhurried, but still engaging throughout. I was struck by how unique…  
5247  Yesterday I revisited the first Godfather and I still think it's a true masterpiece.Although I find Vito Corleone's speech a bit distracting (no wonder on Animaniacs in the Goodfeathers clip, they do a parody of Vito where he just babbles xD) overall I find it impeccable.I will admit that this installment is a step up from the first, where Mickey temperately carries on his father's legacy, the burden of being the godfather while looking at Vitto's past.Tom,…  
5248  I still prefer The Godfather over Part two, but the journey I've been on with this film over the years is a great one. I started off not really liking it; then I started to respect it; then I admitted it was almost one of the greatest films ever made; and now I just flat out agree that it is. I think it definitely does take a few watches to truly apriciate this epic, but there's so many ritch and…  
5249  Surprise surprise another film I misjudged. To be honest think having the DVD over streaming helped, as I find physical media helps with my immersion in movies. Don't ask me why it just does. Pacino was certainly robbed of an Oscar for this. If he won it for Scent of a Women, which was deserved, then he definitely deserved one for this and Scarface. Loved Diane Keaton and found the relationship between her and Pacino as one of the films…  
5250  after watching the first film yesterday, i am genuinely shocked and confused why everyone swore up and down to me that this film is the best of the trilogy. this film is aggravatingly self-indulgent and is unequivocally worse in my eyes. one of the key aspects that hampered my enjoyment of the first film is that the runtime was patently excessive. there was so much genuine filler and dead air in that film that i was annoyed at how much…  
5251 The first one is better. Robert De Niro didn’t talk much but his jawline sure didThis might need a rewatch but it just wasn’t for me. I can respect the craft though 
5252 How do you say Banana Daiquiri? Banana Daiquiri 
5253  FLAWLESS | PHENOMENAL SEQUEL“Keep your friends close and your enemies closer”1st watch | TOP 100 | ford coppola rankedthe godfather part 2 is a great movie that serves as both a sequel and prequel which is something that is very hard to do. But with the great direction it became one of the greatest films of all time.The quote above is one of many great lines in a magical screenplay. That specific line indicates the importance of family in…  
5254 i think i’m in the 0.1% of people that thinks part 1 is still better but this was still incredible. happy new year everyone!!! ⭐️ 
5255 “This must all end!”The greatest movie ever on our greatest holiday. I’m at the point where I’ve lost all love for Michael Corleone and view him as unabridged evil. The complete embodiment of the worst qualities present in our biggest industries. We’re both part of the same hypocrisy. Ensuring that another’s pain equals security for his family. I believe there’s only one hard cut between timelines and there’s a reason for its placement. He’s no Vito and his biggest flaw is how bad he wants to be. Happy Holidays.Perfect Films 
5256 going into this, I’ve seen Godfather II about three times. each watch, the scene that lingers and leaves with me entirely is the fredo lake scene. without fail. looks like this won’t be changing any time soon 
5257 Happy Godfather Pt. II day to all who celebrate 
5258 young Robert De Niro and Al Pacino speaking Italian got me likeeeeee 
5259 I feel like the "realness" of movies gets taken for granted. Everything in these movies feels so real. Like a documentary instead of a movie. Everything is so lived in, the environments just feel natural. Something so easy to just accept but I know an insane amount of work went into making each and every detail. Astounding as always, but I think I'm definitely back in the 1 is better camp. 
5260  The Godfather: Part II still holds up to be one of my favorite films of all time. This film truly deserves all of the love that it gets. I still feel that this sequel is better than the first, since we get to see more character development. We see Michael's actions and change in character after taking over as the head of his family. Robert DeNiro's performance as young Vito is so impactful because we get to see a beautiful…  
5261 Michael shutting the door in Kay’s face is like…one of the most devastating things ever put to film. 
5262  a beat up print & a projectionists messy projection <3 finally saw the godfather II the way it was intended to be seen: fucked up. still a beautiful tragedy, surprised at how many times i shed tears. i don't remember this being so sad; oh fredo... that entire plotline ruins me. & kay & connie & just about everything else. all abt how in an attempt to be as vast as his father, michael stretches himself so thin not even vito would recognise him…  
5263  Thanksgiving Eve and Thanksgiving on my uncles cable Showtime channel gave me midnight viewings of Boogie Nights and The Godfather Part 2 and I was on west coast time and wide awake so hell no I was not passing on running this one back.While I still prefer the first one because Michael’s reluctant descent into monstrosity is more compelling for me, Part 2 is still a masterpiece where we watch the shell of a man he ended up as at the…  
5264 damn michael really got rid of ALL his opps 
5265   MY 1000th FILM ON LETTERBOXD!!! The fact that I saw the first Godfather on almost 2 years ago and I have had this film on DVD for almost 2 years, why did it take me so long to finally see this movie, but I am also glad I saved this to be my 1000th film, cause boy oh boy this is now one of my  All-Time Favorite Movies . This film was just a masterpiece of cinema. I will admit…  
5266  Al Pacino delivers what might be the best acting performance I’ve ever witnessed. His role as Michael Corleone isn’t just about delivering lines; it’s an entire language spoken through nuanced facial expressions and hand movements. This guy tells a million different stories without uttering a single word.Then there’s young De Niro stepping into the massive shoes left by Brando, and damn, he carried all the weight and more. He shows us a young Vito Corleone that not only respects…  
5267 I’ve seen this movie so so so many times and my first watch was in pieces on TCM or something in my friends living room in high school. Every time I watch it I wonder if it’s not going to be as good, but it is always somehow better. 
5268  Me entró la espinita de volver a ver la segunda parte de esta trilogía de Francis Ford Coppola y que hermoso goce es verla. Realmente me arrepiento cada día de mi vida no haber podido haber visto estas películas en su reestreno en el cine por su aniversario número cincuenta. También debo decir que Cinépolis (normalmente los problemas son con Cinemex) la dejó en cartelera como tres días y luego la quitaron. Rencores aparte y entrando en materia… ¡Qué obra…  
5269 filmbros will never understand michael corleone the way i do. 
5270 Robert De Niro as vito corleone, my beloved 
5271 Michael Corleone was interested in crime from a very young age. 
5272  it’s truly an epic, and one that’s never been done before. sure, there are threads from ancient greek literature and there’s a shakespearean style to the dynamics portrayed onscreen, but it truly is something unique. it’s an epic for the modern world, even though it was made half a century ago.i definitely like this better than the first one. it’s expansive and heartbreaking in a way that the first one doesn’t quite get to do (though to be fair,…  
5273  Yeah no unlike the first movie my thoughts about this remain the same, you know how people remember the old times very fondly in their head even if those times weren’t as eventful as your mind might lead you to believe, well that trick that the mind plays on us in which we see the past with rose tinted glasses that feeling is akin to watching The Godfather and if we could go back in time and actually revisit the…  
5274  Finally fixed this scandalous omission.Follows on so well from the first movie. I’m sure that if you watched them back to back then you could be excused for wondering if they were all shot and made together.I do love Coppola’s direction and the way this has been edited. I always think the choice of shot is right, whether that’s more credit to Coppola or the editor I don’t know but it works well. Nino Rota’s distinctive and gorgeous…  
5275  As I sat there watching The Godfather: Part II, I sat calmly enjoying one of the greatest films ever made. Then all of a sudden Al Pacino snaps yelling and it jolts me in my seat. It was like the movie told me to wake the hell up—one of the greatest performances in cinematic history plays right before you. Al Pacino as Michael Corleone is one of the greatest pieces of acting I’ve ever seen. He is completely dominant on screen.…  
5276 Grandiose. 
5277 micheal corleone first male victim of misogyny 
5278 vito corleone would never 
5279  Absolutely great, don't get me wrong. Reducing half a star, due to getting lost a little, and also finding the first film more interesting story wise.That's just me though, but I'll happily rewatch this again at a later time. I'll probably give this 5 stars then.Michael's villainous character arc is insane though. The baptism scene in the first film, and all the hits at the end of this one, best scenes from the films in my opinion.At…  
5280  So 2 days ago i watched Godfather which already became one of my all time favourite movie and Now I have watched Godfather 2 and I had one of the best experience while watching it this is truly cinema. No wonder why people love this franchise so much. Both of the Godfather parts are one of the best products of cinema. Al pacino is so good in this movie man i can go on and on about his acting. 3hr…  
5281  A very important and excellently executed sequel that focuses on the back story of Don Vito Corleone and the story of how his son Micheal expands and tightens his grip on the family crime organization. I loved both of these stories, they were very well written and the actors put up great performances. Now as in for the run time I’d say it was well paced but it did start to feel a little exhausting after a while so it…  
5282 The script was already perfect, then they decided to cast Robert De Niro as Vito???Coppola gets me.10/10 
5283 I forgot to post this review before I saw Barbie but watching this then Barbie, I am a very happy man Also Robert De Niro speaking Italian is literally one of the greatest things I have witnessed 
5284 Me gusto más que la primera, es increíble que Al Pacino haya ganado un solo oscar en toda su carrera 
5285 You broke my heart Fredo…Ugatz!Alexa play Adam And Eve by Nas!! 
5286 What a movie 🔥🔥 
5287 The complex storyline was far too confusing to me. But the cast delivered great performances, and i still managed to enjoy this movie even though it was very confusing. I will definitely rewatch this film to get a much better understanding of the movie and to write a in depth review. 
5288 Before, I thought this movie was significantly better then the first Godfather but on rewatch I now realise that you really can’t rank them because they’re both 2 completely different movies that are both incredible. This movie is arguably THE greatest sequel of all time.DVD | Blu-ray |  Favourite MoviesGrade: A+100% 
5289  Making a sequel to one of the greatest films of all times is a daunting task. A Herculean task. I mean, how do you follow up The Godfather? Well, you make another contender for one of the greatest films of all time. Duh. While I’m not personally in the camp of those that considers this to be one of the greatest ever made, and I certainly don’t think it’s better than the original, The Godfather: Part II is still a…  
5290 Curti essa sequência, a história que vai te prendendo de minuto em minuto a trama do que vai acontecendo e deixando você chocado com as atuações, enredo. Assim como o primeiro aqui tbm tem a trama lenta mais que e bem trabalhada e funciona muito bem, um filmão assim como o primeiro. 
5291 REWATCH: still can’t decide if I like this or the first better … AHHHHH fucking absolute cinema regardless 
5292 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   3 Things1. Watching Godfather II on the big screen really emohasizes how much they made Pacino look like a gaunt corpse. Especially as the film goes on.  2. Favorite scene overall has to be De Niro’s Vito hitting Don Fanucci. The tracking shot of him crawling along the rooftops, disassembling and scattering the gun, and those fireworks going off behind him as he walks away. Gorgeous. 3. Really felt the absence of Clemenza on this watch. Don’t get…   
5293 wadda picture ………. 
5294 é incrível a semelhança que eu tenho com o michael do filme poderoso chefão, além de sermos literalmente iguais... temos o mesmo mindset, ambos somos extremamente frios e estrategistas em nossa forma de pensar e agir... bizarro'-' ele me representa muito, somos dois deuses nesse mundo._. 
5295 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Oh yeah, Gordon Willis did his job and did his job well  
5296  Finally made it to my 2,500th film logged on Letterboxd! I want to preface this by saying "Thank you" to everyone who's followed me and/or taken the time to read my thoughts on any movie. It's been a pleasure interacting with you all! I look forward to watching more movies, good or bad, and staying connected to this film community. On with the review...Damn. They weren't kidding about The Godfather: Part II. It truly does become one of the…  
5297 i love robert de nero 
5298  Many movie buffs prefer The Godfather: Part II to its predecessor The Godfather, often hailing it as the best movie sequel ever made. I am not one of those viewers. Don't get me wrong. It is a great movie. But a film whose best parts are flashback sequences is a big weakness. Additionally, in the first movie, we see the amazing arc of Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), as he goes from WWII veteran, "legitimate" civilian, and viewing his family's business…  
5299 There is a real argument to be made that this is the greatest movie of all time.“But by being strong for his family…could he…lose it?” 
5300 Just about as good as the first one. It's done just as well, and the Vito flashback sequences are awesome. I didn't enjoy the present-day stuff as much as I did in the original, but I did appreciate what it was going for. 
5301 I think I’m leaning to the first one ever so slightly, but what an excellent sequel. Watching Michael change and grow is becoming a bit of an obsession. This film never forgets the core themes of family, and presents that through two equally intriguing storylines about the father and the son. This is a damn masterpiece and is so carefully constructed and insanely tense. 
5302  Everybody knows what a great film this is. So I am not gonna say anything about the movie, rather a few facts about the film are1. During shooting in Cuba, Al Pacino become very ill, partly because of Cuba's harsh weather, and because of food poisoning.2. The Godfather 2 is the last Technicolor film.3. Marlon Brando and Robert De Niro are the only actors who received Oscars for playing the same character Don Vito Corleone.4. Robert…  
5303 these films always make me wonder how crime families ever have any members at all after watching them kill like half their friends family and associates 
5304 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  not many sequels are better than the original but god damn. also no character's death in a movie aside from a small few have had me screaming at the screen no like Fredo's  
5305 i can fix him 
5306  Whilst the first examined becoming your father this sequel that also serves as the 1st's prequel is successfully seeks to show just how joyless the succession can be. Found to be a confusing and disappointing follow up to it's demanding predecessor at the time of it's release I can't deny how easy it would be to be confused. Juggling an origin story and the end of another was an ambitious choice Francis Ford Coppola utilizes in the best way through…  
5307 A better sequel than Transformers: Revenge of the Fallen 
5308  I don’t know if I like this one more than the first one, but FUCK I love this universe. I can’t put it into words how invested I am in these films. The whole message that family is the most important thing, and we should always stick up for each other, give each other a second chance, is something that I really appreciate. But of course this family is no good guys, and that’s what makes it all exciting. The…  
5309 "If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill anyone."Scraping and struggling your way up to the top of the mountain is one thing. It's a whole other thing to keep your balance when you reach the highest point. Copy and paste my review for the first one. You already know how excellent it is. 
5310 I know it was you, Fredo. 
5311 De don kwam ze in de grond leggen. 
5312 To have De Niro and Pacino in the same film, amazing. Some people say that the second is much better, but even though this is a truly great film the first has so much more, it's iconic. 
5313 young robert de niro and al pacino why aren't you responding to my texts. please i beg of you to give me one chance if i dont see you ill die please dont let me die 
5314 "Der Pate 2" Perfektion in Film ! 
5315  🔄Rewatch🔄Que más le puedes pedir a una peli?? No enserio, que más le puedes pedir??Hace años que la vi y encima estaba medio dormido por lo que ha sido como verla por primera vez, y yo que me alegro porque menudo peliculón, todavía no me he topado con una peli de mafia mala pero esque esta saga se lleva la palma de oro, todos los que dicen que es la mejor secuela de todos los tiempos, fácilmente podría…  
5316 Al Pacino is that mf. 
5317 FREDOOOOO 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭🤌🤌🤌🤌 
5318 The first Godfather is one of the greatest movies of all time… but Godfather Part 2 might be THE greatest. 
5319 oh no….. what’s…. what’s happening to me…🧎🏻‍♀️🧎🏻‍♀️🧎🏻‍♀️🧎🏻‍♀️🧎🏻‍♀️😧😧😧 
5320 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “Good health is the most important thing. More than success, more than money… more than power.”Decided to rewatch this on a whim, strangely enough, and man if I wasn’t already sure of it’s high rating before I am most certainly confident in it now. The Godfather: Part II is one of the most powerful tragedies in fiction. It’s kind of bizarre to research this movie and see how many dislike the prequel elements of this film, as if they weren’t…   
5321  Francis Ford Coppola strikes again and does not miss whatsoever! This movie is absolutely perfect from start to finish, three hours and twenty two minutes flew by faster then I thought. The most complex characters have the simplest stories, Al Pacino delivers one of the best acting performances of all time. Every time he’s on screen he’s a thrill to watch whenever he got mad I went quiet whenever he was quiet I was curious, an absolute masterclass. Vito Corleone previously…  
5322  Gangstoctober #5: Der Pate 2Wow, einfach nur wow. Der Pate 2 ist eine tolle Fortsetzung zu Der Pate 1 und zeigt wie man einen Meisterwerk auf den selben Niveau weiter fortsetzt. Zwar würde ich ihn nicht über Teil 1 packen weil ich den vom Pacing her etwas langatmiger finde. Aber nichts destotrotz ist dieser Film eine konsequente Fortsetzung zu Teil 1. Erstmal Al Pacino ist top als Don Michael Corleone, man sieht langsam wie wahnsinnig er wird und er…  
5323 A perfect movie. The parallel rise and fall narratives of young Vito and Michael are fascinating. As Vito searches for community, his Italian culture is ubiquitous—lifting him up to craft his new identity as Don Vito and ultimately get revenge. Meanwhile, as Michael eliminates every person around him, his Italian heritage is disintegrating, slowly and deliberately. Pop Goes the Weasel instead of the Tarantella, an American senator mispronouncing his son’s middle name, and DC of all places…more to untangle! 
5324  fell in my estimation since the last time i watched this (close to 10 years ago?? wtf??)i loved basically any vito sequence and any interaction between michael and fredo (not even the regal pre-roll could ruin it, and cazale is so so so so good). plus obv the king gordon willis, etc.however, i don’t really understand what this adds. like honestly what does it say or reveal about the characters that wasn’t already evident by the end of…  
5325  “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer”Paralleling Vito Corleone’s rise to power in the early 1900s with his son Michael’s spiritual fall from grace post events of the first instalment, The Godfather Part 2 maintains its unapologetic approach to its heavy subject matter through the further depths of its quintessential characters, who develop into some of the most well-written character arcs put onto the silver screen. The disorderly fashion of the family within this sequel makes the narrative…  
5326 I hope the whole Oscar committee which was responsible for snubbing Al Pacino for Best Actor gets severely constipated if any of them are still alive. I mean you take one look at that scene where Michael's sister is begging him to forgive Fredo and you can tell his inner torment and ruthlessness just by his eyes alone.  
5327 אמרתי את זה פעם ואני אגיד את זה שוב.אני חושב שהסנדק השני יותר טוב מהראקון. אמנם הוא הרבה יותר קשוח לצפייה היום. אבל לדעתי הוא לא נמרח, הוא מבלה מספיק זמן בכל סצנה אבל לא יותר מדי לא הייתי רוצה שישנו כלום. אבל אין מה לעשות אלא להרגיש עייפות כבדה בסוף. 
5328 Y pensar que la primera vez que la ví dije que no era tan buena, qué película perfecta por dios 
5329 If this were made now, de Niro would just be a cgi younger marlon Brando. 
5330 A near flawless film. Al Pacino & Robert De Niro perfected their performances for this masterpiece. Even though this movie is 3 hours and 20 minutes long, every minute is entertaining, enjoyable, and incredible. Francis Ford Coppola does an impeccable job at turning Mario Puza's masterpiece of a novel into a masterpiece of a movie. The writing is astonishing, I seriously can't believe it. This movie is almost perfect, I loved it. 9.8/10 
5331 Michael be like: “There’s nothing I do better than revenge” 
5332 man FUCK michael corleone 
5333 que películon !forever, in my opinion, the best film ever made, it just doesn’t get better than this, this film is a perfect representation of emotional, epic, gorgeously produced cinemanino rota also somehow tops his score for Part I, but i guess that goes for the whole film ;) 
5334  As good as the original, but we miss the striking presence of Marlon Brando. Here we know in parallel Michael's relentless descent into eliminating his enemies and losing his soul in the process, and we also see Vito's history and vendetta and his transformation into Don, which occurred in a very natural way. The restoration in 4k is perfect as if the film had been released yesterday! Reference in the format (as was also it's first remastering for blu ray).…  
5335 Damn, both Vito and Michael Corleone are still cold hearted bastards. I really fought with myself on this one.At first I thought that it could be split into two different films, that it didn’t need to go for 3.5 hours, that it kept dragging on. I felt that during it, there were too many different scenes yet each of them had a purpose and place in the overall narrative. As the narrative went on, the juxtaposition of the stories of father and son grow clearer, it’s becomes necessary that they be told together, side by side. The rise and fall of a family. 
5336 This film is 3 and 1/2 hours, yet it's still an offer that I can't refuse. Ironic how Michael "didn't want to be his father" but eventually became worse than him. Killing the people around him, especially the people who cares about him, just to prove that nobody can defy him, the most powerful alpha man, has consequences. Karma really struck him hard, which we saw at the end of the film. Terribly tragic. 
5337 One of the captions during this was “[Gibbering nervously in Italian]”The American Dream 
5338 would have gotten an extra half star if he showed Che lead the revolutionaries through Santa Clara ;)i think i liked this one slightly better than the first, or at least i have a feeling this one will have a longer-lasting impression on me 
5339 Luca Brasi sleeps with the fishes and I was sleeping through the whole film 
5340 Baby Robert DeNiro, talk to me in Italian all day long... 
5341  Wasn't planning on watching this today, but I did. It's basically on par with Part I but it's also just way too long this time. Definitely wasn't as smoothly paced as Part I in my opinion. Don't get me wrong, it's an excellent film, it's just that its competition is its predecessor.I definitely appreciated how much more ambitious this film was however, it's basically a perfect sequel, expanding upon its characters and world in a fresh and interesting way.…  
5342  Watched Part 1 and Part 2 over the course of a week, taking intermissions every 40 minutes or so like it was a television programme. Works well given how episodic the format here is, and it is a nice way to break up a six-hour story that needs you keeping the details fresh in order to follow the whole arch of its fresco century ceiling - coming back to the second part months later would simply be a no-starter for…  
5343  Francis Ford Coppola’s double album of a film, The Godfather: Part II is an absolute masterwork and I have no problem saying it’s superior to its predecessor.I was so enthralled watching Coppola’s hybrid prequel/sequel unfold with its parallel narratives. Robert De Niro and Al Pachino both give command performances in their respective roles. De Niro’s young Vito has such a soft presence. One that feels forgiving and forged in love but commanded with fear and respect in his rise to…  
5344 Now I loved the first Godfather movie, but this one just blew me away. Every aspect of this film is perfect. The acting is jaw-droppingly fantastic (with Al Pacino delivering one of my favorite performances ever), the cinematography is brilliant, the story is tragic and devastating, the writing is impeccable, the music is masterful, and the ending is crushing. Seeing all the characters develop and all their arcs resolve is one of the most satisfying things about this film. It’s a masterpiece of character work, and a masterpiece of film. 
5345 Vito went through all that and was still a better father to his kids than Logan roy 
5346  Ditches The Godfather’s traditional story structure for something more scattershot, though no less incredible. The first film in the Godfather saga is a younger person’s movie. During youth, all you do is look forward. Life seems on a perpetual upwards trajectory. The story is linear.The Godfather: Part II is the older, ruminative self. As you age, increasingly, you reflect on the past. How it made you who you are. Like Michael Corleone, spending more time staring off into middle…  
5347 THE GODFARTER PART TWO my god this is so good i literally like it didn’t feel like nearly four hours 😭 i really can never get over how amazing these movies are and how good the story is like it pulls you in from the start, which is rare to happen for meal pacino my beautiful italian kitten i’m always free if u want to chill xx 
5348  Finally got around to seeing the equally phenomenal sequel to one of my favorite films. It is astounding that they managed to make a sequel that is on equal footing with a film as perfect as The Godfather. Once again everything here is simply perfect and there really isn't any other way to describe it. I will say that I slightly prefer the first film to this one simply because that one is a bit smaller scale and I appreciated…  
5349 Meiner Meinung nach noch besser als das ohnehin schon perfekte Original, was nicht zuletzt an den Szenen mit Robert De Niro als junger Vito Corleone liegt. Gerade die Rückblenden verleihen den Film noch zusätzlich eine epische Breite.Und die letzte Szene ist ganz, ganz groß. Muss dabei immer daran denken, was Michael zu Beginn des ersten Teils sagte: "Das ist meine Familie, Kay, das bin nicht ich." Drei Stunden perfektes Kino und definitiv eines der besten Sequels der Filmgeschichte. 
5350 “It wasn’t a miscarriage, it was an abortion” makes my fucking jaw drop every time. 
5351  I didn't see this comingI thought Godfather 2 would be something like the first one when i read the synopsis. Thought there will be intense writing involving crimes and the helf together Corleone family.Just like Irishman, this is a film which includes gangster not for their profession but for their personality and value for life, value for family, cold blooded actions, venomous nature.Irishman was more about the regression of a man's past sins.But this was just…  
5352 nobody told me this was so similar to peaky blinders what jokes aside, this film is truly a masterpiece like the first one; the soundtrack, the cinematography, the acting just = chef kiss 
5353 Of course you learn a lot from watching these films, but what I didn't expect is to learn how to order a banana daiquiri in Cuba. 
5354 Way too much to unpack for a first watch. I will say that this whole film is just so beautiful looking and I loved spending my time watching this wonderful epic. 
5355 It's shocking that any director had any courage to make any film in any genre at any time after The Godfather was released. The peak was hit and a direct follow-up was an insurmountable feat. It's a classic for a reason as Coppola had reached Everest's summit and decided to keep climbing. Beethoven himself couldn't have performed an encore like this as he would have already busted out 5th Symphony in his first act. Phenomenal. 
5356 You don’t need a Letterboxd user to tell you this is as good as it gets but I have reasons to believe this is the highest achievement of art this far into history. Coppola built and destroyed Rome over these two parts, and hell, he does all of that within this 3 1/2 hour motion picture alone.I’m forever grateful this was screening, best cinema experience I’ll have. 
5357  Watched this in the cinema!!!: - was really gearing up for it like it was DofE or something, chose my comfiest clothes, loads of snacks, caffiene, painkillers, the lot.- sat at the end of a one ended aisle so had to decide to not go for a wee, was weirdly proud of myself that I didn’t go for one once, despite being sat down for 4 hours. Seriously tho there’s an actual bit that goes “intermission” and you know…  
5358 necesito leer el librooo 
5359 What a film. Such mastery displayed by Al Pacino as an actor; Michael manages to radiate such threat and conflict whilst barely raising his voice. His presence alone grabs all attention and is generally scary at times- when he walks in on Kay and the children; no words are needed. I think Vito has the distinction of being played by two of the finest actors of all time. 
5360 Todo en el cine es mejor. 
5361  The greatest sequel of all-time? Yeah, it’s in the conversation.Everything in The Godfather Part II focused on De Niro’s Vito Corleone origin story matches The Godfather… firstly because it looks like a glorious painting in every single frame… gazing on Lady Liberty from the ferry… The Black Hand… the rug (lordy, that scene)… the hit on Don Fannuci… the gutting of Don Cicci…Yet, everything with Pacino’s Michael Corleone, while still great in many ways, falls short of matching…  
5362 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Film 7 of 28 Number 3 on My February Watchlist ChallengeThe Godfather: Part II is an interesting story which both separates itself from Vito's story but also parallels it. What better way to live up to expectations of its predecessor than a story all about living up to the expectations of your predecessor. Michael now has all the power and money as his starting point. He looks to move the family operation out to Vegas and Cuba away from…   
5363 It’s still not better than the first one 
5364  "The Godfather: Part II" is a believable and exciting continuation of the story, simultaneously a prequel of sorts and a sequel to the original movie. I didn't find it as captivating and compelling as "The Godfather", but it's just as well-made, well-acted and emotional, and it adds more depth and complexity to the characters. I couldn't empathize with Michael as much, and I prefer the story and characters of the first movie personally, but this is still an amazing follow-up…  
5365 Think I could look at this all day. Beautiful sights to see 
5366  The Godfather Part 2 is a colossal and magnificent achievement. It’s especially more remarkable when you consider that there were only two years between this and the first film. Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola had to craft a massive screenplay, with the latter also directing another film (The Conversation) that was released in the same year as this.The result is a rich and complex story involving murder and betrayal, the intersection of vested interests and the leveraging of…  
5367 A bit disappointing. Thought it would be leagues better than the first. But just kept checking the time to see how much longer I’d have to sit through it 
5368 this is the best movie ever made 
5369 More fun than having sex with the girl you loved the most in your life 
5370 breaks my heart every time. its really the great american novel. 
5371 The Godfather: Part II walked so Mamma Mia! Here We Go Again could run. 
5372 i finally understand why 1900 was like that...perhaps it wanted what the godfather part II had but it went a bridge too far. bernardo bertolucci you are not francis ford coppola plus you support roman polanski so take the L 
5373 First viewing!Mob movies aren’t really my thing, but this one was pretty good! 
5374 the scene where michael hugs fredo at their mom’s funeral breaks my heart so bad 
5375 The Godfather Part II is like two trains travelling in opposite directions, successive generations moving backwards and forwards through time until they meet somewhere in the middle around the dramatic flashpoint of the family dinner table. The film that marks the beginning of the Corleone family and the end of it is one of the most exquisitely structured pieces of fiction ever produced; its narrative and thematic arcs intertwining across vast stretches space and time through the macrocosm of history and the microcosm of memory. It is an epic of intimate proportions that fulfils the devastation that its predecessor prophesied. 
5376  *لا بس تذكرت قبلة يهوذا الاسخريوطي للمسيح لما خانه و سلمه للرومانانا عاشق كبير للجزء الاول و لا زلت شايف انه مشهد العماد بالفيلم الاول هو افضل مشاهد الفيلمين، لكن ما رح استغرب لو هالفيلم تخطت مكانته بقلبي مكانة الجزء الاول بيوم من الايام.دي نيرو لوحده يعتبر اضافة كبيرة جدا، كان جميل جدا اشوف بدايات فيتو كيف و نموه و تطوره و كيف اخذ مكانته بالإضافة لربط الموضوع بحاضر مايكل اللي اغنى كل الخط الزمني تبعه و خلاه…  
5377  The Godfather trilogy simply remains to be one of the most astounding things that have ever happened to not just the world of the mob cinema, but also the art and avant-garde cinema as it remains to be not just one of the greatest and entertaining narratives in all of storytelling, but also one of the most profoundly influential spectacles in the world of cinema. To put it into perspective, this magnificent cinematic world that Francis Ford Coppola and his…  
5378 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  The movie begins and ends with a murdered brother- Vito's rise is complete when he takes revenge on his brother's killer; Michael's descent is complete when he becomes his brother's killer. So perfect.  
5379  Después del éxito de la obra maestra 'The Godfather", el dios Francis Ford Coppola, uno de mis directores favoritos, trajo "The Godfather Part 2". La mejor secuela en la historia del cine. La cinta tiene dos magníficas historias : La primera ocurre en 1958 y trata sobre Michael Corleone como el nuevo jefe de la familia. La segunda trama nos muestra la vida de Vito Andollini desde 1901 en Sicilia hasta ser "El Padrino" Don Vito Corleone. Primero que nada,…  
5380 Best sequel of all time 
5381 had to log this again to say i love michael and he did what he had to do #michaeldoesnowrong!!! 
5382 The boys are back. This time the scope is widened. You can really feel the expanded budget. A classy, yet tough film. Lots of layers to the story, intrigue, drama and it’s all acted impeccably. 
5383 Unpopular opinion but this movie slaps harder than the first one. 
5384 I can’t believe I almost got tricked into thinking Italians were real.... 
5385  100/100El ascenso de Michael Corleone represento un cambio predilecto para la historia,y su reestructuración evoca no solo a lo personal,también a la familia,los tiempos han cambiado y ahora más que asuntos o negocios entre familias mafiosas,se extiende a interrelaciones.La historia pone atención a el poder, y como un cambio que para algunos resulta inevitable y necesario y por tanto continúan demostrando lealtad y confianza,pero en cambio otros se hunden en el juego y se vuelven desconfiados de la…  
5386 Al Pacino has a bad time: The Movie 
5387 Just finished pt 2 and absolutely loved it. I like the first one just a little bit better, but this one is absolutely amazing. Loved the way it ended and as always the soundtrack and acting is on point. De Niro and Al Pacino did a TERRIFIC job!!! I still have yet to watch the last one which I will probably do tomorrow. I have a feeling the whole trilogy is gonna end up being in my top 5. Amazing movie. 10/10 recommend, go watch this movie rn! 
5388 need to take a few days off just to calm down... 
5389 I actually like this better than the first one 
5390 In which we see how the Corleone family is ill fated from the infancy of its patriarch’s life to forever be driven by rage, revenge, and a lust for power, under the guise of family values and honor. Has any other film so perfectly embodied the core aspects of American ideology as Coppola and Puzo did with this one? 
5391 It’s a classic mafia film. Love that it’s a sequel and a prequel all wrapped up into one. I’m not on board with thinking it’s better than the original but common that’s nearly impossible to beat. Love De Niro as Vito, and Pacino reprising his role as Michael. The movies that changed the game and laid the foundation for future great mafia movies to come. 
5392  While the first film is mostly a tale about family, reverence, and loyalty, this sequel aims attention to the exact opposite—indifference and dishonesty. The remaining of what once was a kind-hearted and honest man is completely gone. As Kay herself tells him, Michael's gone blind; either as the result of ambition or revenge. It's an inevitable descent into obscurity. A comparison's made between the early stages of his father and the current Michael concerning the topic of family: the creation…  
5393 About the same as Part I for me - boxd.it/1MbUWRFrancis gives good film 
5394  Though I greatly prefer the first part in The Godfather trilogy, there’s no denying that Part II is an epic continuation of the great tragedy of the life of Michael Corleone. It is truly unfathomable how Pacino didn’t receive his first Oscar until a decade and a half after this film. This easily should have won him the Oscar. And while De Niro is good, I don’t necessarily think it’s Supporting Actor Oscar worthy. I would have given it to…  
5395 1974: The year Al Pacino first realized it's way cooler to yell your lines.Harry Dean Stanton makes everything better. Even if he just shows up for 5 minutes. 
5396 Arguably better than the first one but I’m not getting involved in that debate 
5397 "Michael, I never wanted this for you."Breathtaking. One of the greatest sequels ever made. 
5398 Great film but definitely has some issues with the length not entirely being justified. First one takes the cake overall for me. 
5399 I can tell I’m turning into my parents because I can’t help but get sucked into this movie in it’s entirety whenever I flip to it on TV. Possibly the greatest movie ever made? Al Pacino definitely gives my favorite film performance of all time here. 
5400 "keep your friends close and your enemies closer"in the part two of the epic trilogy (or duology, as francis ford coppola stated), we both see the reign of michael corleone and the beginnings of vito corleone. the rise of vito was paralleled by the beginning of the decline of michael's life. we saw more development of the characters from the previous film. coppola's directing is impressive ofc. al pacino still looks so fine here. he was joined by a stunning ensemble. the length of this was so intimidating at first but i found myself enjoying all throughout the film. 
5401  From one of the best films ever made to one of the best sequels of all time, The Godfather Part II has managed to stand outside of its older brother’s shadow with its own legacy, often being named itself as one of the best films ever made. Do I think it’s as good as the first? No, not exactly, the first is in my top 5 of all time, and while this is also a favorite…it’s not quite as perfect.…  
5402 I think I liked the first one better, but this isn't too far behind. Nonetheless, this is certainly a sequel that justifies its own existence and builds on all its characters from Part I. And can we just appreciate all the performances in this movie because they all were absolutely perfect. De Niro and Keaton do so well in this and even Duvall was great once again as Hagen. The music in this too was superb and helped with making this film the way it is.++ Fredo sleeps with the fishes now 
5403 the density of this film defies gravity 
5404 Holy shit, they got the guy from The War With Grandpa (2020) for this one! 
5405 Great movie but it doesn’t compare to the first one imo. Al Pacino was phenomenal as usual. Robert De Niro was good but Marlon Brando as Vito did a way better job. I personally didn’t really like the flashbacks because I don’t they really needed to be there. The parts where it flash-backed to young Vito were just a bit boring. All in all, this is still a great film but the first one does just about everything better. 
5406 its Ok guys i can fix him 
5407 WHO eats an orange like THAT 
5408 I am amazed that a nearly three and a half hour movie felt like it was only an hour and a half. 
5409 Il secondo capitolo della trilogia del Padrino presenta i medesimi pregi tecnici del film precedente, optando intelligentemente per un'evidente continuità formale. A cambiare è invece la struttura della narrazione, che sin dalla prima scena accosta l'ascesa di Don Vito (emblema del classico American Dream) alla tormentata solitudine di Michael. Un sequel che pur mantenendo i toni epici, non rinuncia a mostrare il lato più intimo e oscuro dell'uomo solo al comando. Eccezionale l'attenzione prestata ai vari dettagli. 
5410 If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone. 
5411 IN MY HOME! 
5412 Tired: The Godfather: Part II (1974)Wired: Once Upon a Time in America (1984)Inspired: Mobsters (1991) 
5413 01:38:41 momento exacto en el que a Michael se le rompe el corazón 
5414 I will never stop thinking about how much of a screen legend John Cazale would have been had he not passed away after only 5 films. Everyone is terrific, but he is the MVP of the movie for me.For what is often considered the greatest sequel ever, I still think its predecessor the better film. 
5415  What an amazing film and is probably one of the best sequels to a film ever, it perfectly serves as an antithesis to the first film and is so depressing by comparison. I really loved the flashbacks of Vitto as a young man and it was my favorite part of the film hands down.Is it as good as the first? In my opinion no but these are two very different films imo and serve separate functions so it's really…  
5416 Expanding the scope into a global conflict and utilizing an ingenious flashback structure, Coppola deepens what was so great about the first film. Through the story of one man growing increasingly distanced from his feelings, it matches its portrait of familial bonds and strife with an incisive look at the increasingly intertwined relationship between capitalism and criminal activity. The dissolves between 1910s Vito and 1950s Michael are so elegantly executed. They suggest, in their slow bleeding through time, the deeply ingrained beliefs that are passed on through generations and uphold entire nations. 
5417 My father is telling me about how it's the first time in the franchise they say "Mafia" and I'm more concerned about the guy saying "What's up?"Need a remake with the Muppets. 
5418 This is an obviously great and well-made and entertaining experience that is nevertheless- in my opinion- a lesser experience compared to the first film. Michael's arc here- where he's essentially morally ossified already- is less compelling than the previous gradual decline. Plus the Vito segments, although compelling, never fully cohere with the main narrative. This is only disappointing in direct comparison to its predecessor, however, and is otherwise a great accomplishment by any metric. 
5419 Robert De Niro siz gökyüzünden tüm oyunculara ders olsun diye inmiş bir melek misiniz? Çünkü bu kadar iyi bir oyunculuk bir insandan çıkamaz.Ömrünüzün de yakışıklılığınız gibi uzun sürmesini diliyorum efendim.Ciao. 
5420 M a s t e r p i e c e. - 5/5. 
5421  I think I prefer this to the first one. The Godfather is great but I was always a little uncertain as to whose film it actually was. The Godfather Part II works so well because it is very clearly Michael's film and everything that happens in the film serves Michael's arc. Al Pacino plays it to perfection and as a result we have this beauty of a film. As for the restoration (The Coppola Restoration is what I watched), I…  
5422 Call me old fashioned but I was raised to take care of my husband Michael. I wake him up with breakfast in bed everyday, I have a list of alibis prepared for him 24/7, I iron his suits, I pretend he didnt kill his brother. Hate all you want but I was raised to treat my husband like a king. 
5423  Though The Godfather is not a small film by any means, The Godfather Part II feels far more expansive. With two parallel stories that span decades and countries, the literary feeling sprawl is greater than the first film’s but, despite so many claims that it is the greater of the two and there being many parts I preferred, the original film still reigns supreme in my mind. Now that we know all these characters, becoming acquainted with their world feels…  
5424  In all my years I have yet to see the sequel to the masterpiece known as The Godfaja. I distinctly recall my Grandpa Sully, a casino host in Las Vegas who’s sole job was to take high rollers out for epic nights on the town to get them to keep gambling. I’d go and visit him in Las Vegas every few months.I was 9 years old. Hanging out with him on a quiet Saturday afternoon. We were watching a…  
5425 It must really be something to follow up on the biggest movie of all time and show "Oh no, we can expand the scope of its tragedy so much more than we showed you". I genuinely understand how the first Godfather is more beloved given that it's more easily watchable (I mean, that's the attitude I had when I first saw both movies) but The Godfather Part II is practically Shakespearean. Plus Gordon Willis shows that he can make his shadows heavier if so inclined and the past hazier if it can stress the difference between what was and the Hell that now is. 
5426 HERMANAS LA ULTIMA MEDIA HORA QUE PEDAZO DE DELIRIO. Probablemente en esta película haya encontrado mi final preferido.Increíble que antes de que salieran estas pelis el concepto de familia y lealtad no existía. Y por esto último, Perón anda a buscarla al ángulo 
5427 Personally I enjoyed Part 1 a lot more. The more I think about both movies I realize how much I really liked the first one and how this one didn't click as well with me. But credit where credit is due, Part 2 is also a great movie and sequel, great acting and great dialogues, but with that said, the scenes I enjoyed the most where the ones with Vito and/or without dialogue, and most of the movie is heavily dialogue based and focused on Mike. 
5428 If Harold D. Stanton was my FBI agent I would 100% narc 
5429 the blueprint for mamma mia 2: here we go again!  
5430 Robert de Niro y Al Pacino si leen esta reseña yo gusto de ustedes hace mil! Se qué hay diferencias de edad, distancia y me estoy por casar. Pero tan solo se los quería contar, no tengo un sope para en la despedida de soltera viajar. Así que siempre los voy amar ❤️ 
5431 scavenger hunt #64 | july 2020 (25/31)task 23: watch a film featured in a Jeopardy clue.YUP... THIS IS IT. BETTER THAN THE FIRST ONE. REALLY ENJOYED IT. I’M YELLING CUZ IT’S SO GOODps. young pacino and de niro hmu <33 
5432  IN MY HOME!  :oOutstanding performances by De Niro, Pacino, and Keaton. 
5433  For my 1000th film logged and my 100th diary entry, I wanted to do something special. For the first time, I decided to checkout what I’ve heard many refer to as the greatest movie ever made, The Godfather Part II. Cappola. Pacino. Cazale. De Niro. Duvall. The family. All of it culminated in an overwhelming 3 hour mafioso epic that flows perfectly from scene to scene, creating such a tangible atmosphere. Cappola juxtaposes the rise of Vito with the fall…  
5434  It has taken me an absolute age to watch this. To put it into perspective, I watched the first film when I started studying A Level Film Studies. I have now spent the last few months teaching A Level Film Studies. Nearly 6 years it has taken me to finally watch it.All performances are great, Pacino is spellbinding, not sure how he didn't win an Oscar for portraying Michael. De Niro is also great, it's no easy feat to…  
5435 I’m Italian, of course I loved The Godfather Part II. 
5436 A sound continuation of the Corleone saga that masterfully renders the past despite losing focus in the excess of subplots in its present. - ▲ 
5437 on today's episode of jasper falling victim to being attracted to problematic italian men 
5438  First of all, I honestly still prefer Part I, but both of these movies are masterpieces and equally perfect and that they shouldn’t be compared to each other imo. Anyways...The Godfather Part II has a pure thematic gravity and an incredible amount of detail and information that the first doesn’t have imo, with its more complex plot, and how the present day story and the flashbacks interweaves perfectly. It sure is a brilliant sequel. It’s far more complexly beautiful…  
5439 Absolutely massive. A prequel and a sequel. De Niro and Pacino. New York and Sicily and Miami and Las Vegas and Havana. 3.5 hours long. This movie is big in every way and it’s great. 
5440  View Count: 1Well, it's still a drama that has quite a few moments that drag out, but I felt like I got a lot more from this than the first. Not as big of a fan of the first as it feels very shallow of content at times and not the best at keeping my interest. While this had those moments, it was less frequently.I had much more of the feel that lovers of the Godfather story probably…  
5441 This is like shit fuck good. The acting, directing, music, writing, and production design are beyond perfect. How did Coppola do this and the Conversation in the same year? 
5442  I've always had conflicted feelings with The Godfather: Part II; its predecessor is both a masterpiece and a perfect movie, a sentiment many people also have for its sequel, perhaps even in greater regard. I wish I could see it.This is a very good movie, and for its sheer scope, its ambition, and its craftsmanship, the entire film is immaculate, to the point that between this and its predecessor, I would actually argue that The Godfather: Part II is…  
5443 just look at Robert DeNiro's attempts to sound like Marlon Brando 
5444  Not gonna give it a star rating because I feel like anything less than 5 stars would, I dunno, lead to me being marked for death or something. I had never actually seen this all the way through in one sitting (I'd seen most of it in bits and pieces of the years). I think it's pretty good! And I know I'm supposed to view this as the second half of one continuous movie started by Godfather 1. And I…  
5445 If you have any question whether these are the dumbest motherfuckers in the world, just watch Michael Corleone try to eat an orange 
5446 im scared to watch godfather 3 now. is it just jersey shore. no don't tell me 
5447 Just watched this on 35mm in Melbourne, Australia and when they showed the Statue of Liberty I chanted U-S-A 
5448 young al pacino and robert de niro: me: you can make me an offer and I WILL NOT refuse 
5449 FIRST FILM OF THE YEAR FIRST FILM OF THE DECADE 
5450 *chefs kiss*the way al pacino makes me question my lesbianism... 
5451 Michael starts this movie a monster, and he ends it a monster, and all that happens is that it's made increasingly explicit to the audience. But holy cow, the look of those Vito in NY scenes is amazing! 
5452 I procrastinated getting around this for so long that two years after seeing the first one in theatres I was able to do the same thing for this 
5453  The best sequel and prequel in cinematic historyGodfather II highlights two different generations of the Corleone family, Vito and Michael. The prequel tells a background story about a young Vito Corleone who immigrates to New York City from Sicily after the death of his family and the film later shows him as an adult before his legacy as The Godfather. The sequel continues off where the first film ended, opening the film by showing Michael’s son first communion party…  
5454  So... a while back I granted five stars to the Wachowski's film, Bound. Generous, I know. But in a world where Bound is a five-star film, The Godfather Part II is a ten-star film. When a movie works on every level, making statements that encompass the personal, political, historical, and also manages to be a captivating piece of entertainment that carries the audience along through a narrative, we have a true work of art on the highest level.On top…  
5455 So many movies try to keep the quality in their respective first sequel and this one makes it look so simple,even more admirable taking into account that was adapted from a novel,the pace and involvement are superior comparing to the previous installment.Totally flawless. 
5456 just stunning. the Empire Strikes Back of sequels. 7/5 stars 
5457 wow i feel like i finally understand mamma mia: here we go again (2018) 
5458 i wish i could give you a coherent, well structured review of this masterpiece however my brain was frazzled the instant young robert de niro appeared on screen speaking italian 
5459 "Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer." 
5460 gotta say I found this somewhat underwhelming and disappointingit had some great moments but overall I feel like this doesn't really live up to the originalmy favourite bits were definitely the prequel stuff following Vito and I'm kinda sad that we didn't get as much of that compared to the somewhat dragged-out and hard to follow Michael storyline 
5461 god why do you have to pay to change your letterboxd usernamenow me and my friend katie can't change their username to reflect our true selvesI DEMAND TRANS RIGHTS @letterboxd 
5462  Checking another one off my cinematic shame list. The Godfather Part II is an entirely different animal than the first movie. It’s a sick film, and Michael Corleone’s corruption seems to radiate off of him and onto every single character. The plot itself seems warped by his evil. This isn’t the noble family of the first film, this Corleone clan is a dying beast, desperately trying to claw its way to survival. Cazale is given a lot more to work…  
5463 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather: Part II has a structure based in flashbacks. While Part II is very much a sequel, exploring Michael Corleone's reign as The Godfather, it is also a prequel, exploring the beginnings of Vito Corleone's life of crime. Part II moves between past and present as effortlessly as 8 1/2 moved between reality and dream. But The Godfather: Part II's structure means more than narrative gimmick. It is essential to the trilogy, because with this structure, Coppola is given…   
5464  Se hizo esperar esta obra maestra pero finalmente pude verla , ya en los primeros del 2019 creo que va a ser dificil por no decir imposible ver una pelicula de este calibre , ya se convirtio en una de mis 5 peliculas favoritas sin dudas.Me gusto mucho mas que la primera aunque seguramente la revisione pronto , pero esta segunda parte es todavia mas oscura , muchas mas tramas y como esta contada la historia tanto de Michael…  
5465 One of the rare sequels that outdoes the original. 
5466 “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”It’s as good as everyone says it is.But dear god is it long.9/100 
5467 Keep your friends close & your enemies closer. Wow, this series is really impressing me beyond what I remember. I find it fascinating how the writing of the characters of the two different Godfathers are totally different. This and it’s predasesor are some of the greatest of all time. 
5468 5/5 [Masterpiece]Michael Corleone: My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. 
5469 i know the meme is dying but i'm just gonna say it:vito corleone invented big dick energy with this movie and i'm not gonna rest until everyone accepts this fact 
5470 Yeah, it’s better. Better in almost every conceivable way. 
5471 Part of Scavenger Hunt #41: August 2018Task #3: A sequel 'better' than the originalI honestly don't know if I'd consider this better than The Godfather, with the missing Brando, but boy howdy, that's a movie right there.Every actor is firing on all cylinders, not a single performance phoned in, and what gorgeous cinematography. Almost makes you wanna live in the gritty underworld presented.Almost.Minus a half star for not showing the guy from the Cuban nightclub show's massive dong. If you're gonna talk about it, might as well bump that MPAA rating up and deliver the goods. 
5472 Scope, baby. Pure scope.Having finally watched (and re-watched) these first two Godfather movies, it’s stunning to me just how many filmmakers would try and copy little bits and pieces of what made these films so excellent - and fail to capture it, any of it. This is absolutely everything you could ever crave and hope for in mainstream American cinema.Guess I’ll put off seeing Part III for another twenty years! 
5473 if i have to see another woman get killed or abused in a movie i'll cancel all of cinema 
5474 Not sure if I've seen this in the last sixteen years, so even iconic moments had slipped from memory. For instance, when Tom Hagen informs Michael Corleone that Kay has had a miscarriage, I was all like, oh, that's quite sad.Anyway, my main takeaway is that the reason we lost nuanced Al Pacino is because he got sick of sound people complaining he wasn't talking loud enough to get a clean recording. 
5475 the way michael eats an orange in that one scene is honestly appalling 
5476 An absolutely amazing movie.But honestly: 3 hours 22 minutes - could not it have been a bit shorter? 
5477 At the risk of sounding like a complete dudebro, can i just say that watching this was equivalent to having an out of body experience. (Kisses fingers like an italian chef) poetic cinema 
5478 Michael to Fredo: What the fuck did you just fucking say about me, you little bitch? I’ll have you know I graduated top of my class in the Navy Seals, and I’ve been involved in numerous secret raids on Al-Quaeda, and I have over 300 confirmed kills. I am trained in gorilla warfare and I’m the top sniper in the entire US armed forces. 
5479 What an epic filmCan’t believe this is as good if not better than the first Pacino is cold as ICE#800 
5480 The Godfather: Part II comes very close to reaching the grand heights that the first made. Seamlessly connecting two stories in different time periods into one film. Despite it's 3 and a half hour run-time, the film never drags and it feels much shorter than what it actually is. Another masterpiece from Francis Ford Coppola. 
5481 anyway the scene where it dawns upon michael that it was fredo who betrayed him well and truly fucked me up. where is al's oscar already 
5482 That flashback at the end had me in tears.... these films are the definition of poetic cinema! 
5483  As with its predecessor, "The Godfather Part II" once again presents an image of crime, violence and mob life that is almost unnecessarily glorified. However, more mature viewers will be in awe of the complexity and richness of the characters portrayed, and the lengths to which the actors go to illustrate and foreshadow their emotions.Picking up around ten years from where "The Godfather" ended, the sequel shows Michael Corleone transformed into a ruthless mob boss who has as few…  
5484  Look maybe I'm an idiot, maybe I don't see the grand picture that has been baffling everyone for the past 40 years. I wanted to love this, I really did, The Godfather Part I had its flaws but it was still spectacular at parts, this isn't the same narrative. Seeing Vito grow up is great, I really enjoyed it, but every storyline with Michael is not so good. My biggest fault here is I think film misses some key pacing…  
5485 Film 6/30 of Scavenger Hunt #27Task #19- An Older Film One Of Your Local Theaters Is Screening This MonthOriginal list HereA sequel to one of the most coveted movies of all time, and it lives up to the hype. I find that I don't love these two as much as everyone else. But that doesn't mean I don't thoroughly appreciate them. 
5486  It's almost redundant writing a review on why this film is so great, yet here I am. I'm almost embarrassed that it took me 16 months after seeing The Godfather: Part 1, before I watched it's sequel. Part 1 is a film I've seen only once but it was such an experience that some of the film is unforgettable despite that single viewing. The real reason I had not got around to this until now is simply the film's length.…  
5487 Well there it is, I've logged 1000 films on LB, and I could not have watched a better film to celebrate that accomplishment.The Godfather: Part II is far more nuanced than its predecessor, and its non-linear storyline helps to highlight the similarities between Michael and Vito.Further. Robert De Niro is perfect as young Vito, and Al Pacino gives one of his best performances, beautifully understated, in this film.If other filmmakers should take any sort of inspiration from this film, it is to push themselves artistically with their stories, even if said stories are a continuation of a previous one. 
5488  Well, I went into this movie assuming that it was going to be a little bit better than the first Godfather film (because so many people had been saying that), but ultimately, I found that both films had just about the same quality. I'm not entirely disappointed though, because I did go into this movie feeling slightly apprehensive and doubtful that it would woo me, considering that the first Godfather film wasn't as good as I had hoped either. But…  
5489 Every bit as good as its predecessor, and arguably better. Part II isn't quite as flawless and airtight as the original, but it packs more of an emotional punch, and the dual storylines complement each other beautifully; the Vito-in-Little-Italy sequences in particular are fantastic. And for my money, no actor ever gave a better performance than Pacino does here. The full range of his talents is on display, and the rage and subtle menace, as well as the palpable regret, he projects, enthrall me. 
5490 I have no words on how amazing this movie is, I just love the godfather movies :')It's just... so beautiful.I'd give this movie 5000/10 if I could.— 10/10. 
5491 Not as good as the first for me just because I feel unclear about the plot (though the flashback was definitely fantastic). I guess it fleshes out the first one...basically showing the loss of Michael's family and stability as he drifts on his downward spiral into depression. Went faster than the first one, but felt more inconsistent in its intensity. 
5492 Pretty much the seminal crime saga. There's no getting passed it. 
5493 If you ever feel like you've been tasked with a difficult task that you believe is impossible to achieve...Just remember that Francis Ford Coppola made a sequel to 'The Godfather' that somehow managed to equal its predecessor. Dream big, kids. Nothing is impossible. 
5494 Unless you live under the world's biggest rock, you know exactly what this is: a flawless continuation of one of cinema's most revered stories, with Al Pacino delivering one of the greatest performances of all time as Michael Corleone. 
5495 Was it as good as the first movie? NoWas it still a fantastic film? Yes!Although it was far from being its predecessor, The Godfather: Part II was an amazing film. It's performances were great, the pacing itself was great and I prefered the scenes with the young Vito more than the scenes during present time.Is this the greatest sequel of all time? It sure possibly could be 
5496 i love how the scenes with yung vito look like they were filmed on aged cheese, but everything else about this kinda bored me (sorry not sorry). 
5497  Holy cow.Even though I hadn't seen it since I was about fourteen, I used to think anyone who thought Part II was better than Part I was crazy. I rewatched it and now I might be one of them.I mean good lord. The structure. The performances. The complete deconstruction and lack of glamorization of the gangster genre, with significantly more complex characters than in the first film. The final few minutes are awe-inspiringly perfect and powerful, with the…  
5498 It's not Citizen Kane. 
5499  Jesus christ that was boring. Not only that, it was 3 hours and 20 minutes of nothing happening. Almost no film should ever be that long. Sheesh.As I've heard it, The Godfather: Part II is supposed to be better than the first--one of the few sequels that surpasses its predecessor. Well, for me, that is not the case. The first was definitely better; admittedly, that's partially down to the fact that it wasn't as long as this sequel. Length…  
5500  Still to this day as the only sequel to win the Oscar for best picture, The Godfather: Part II is as riveting, gripping, suspenseful, and frankly, perfect as Part I. Francis Ford Coppola along with co-writer Mario Puzo have written two of the best screenplays of all time, between this and GF1. Every little piece of the puzzle has a significant meaning, and the story is told in such a fascinating way that viewers are left in awe. Even the…  
5501  "Gudfaren del II" er en mesterlig oppfølger som dykker enda dypere ned i den kriminelle verdenen til Corleone-familien. Regissør Francis Ford Coppola leverer en fortelling som balanserer perfekt mellom fortidens skjebnesvangre beslutninger og nåtidens konsekvenser. Al Pacino briljerer igjen som Michael Corleone, og vi ser hans karakterutvikling fra en ambisiøs ung mann til en mektig, men ensom leder. Robert De Niro skinner også som den unge Vito Corleone, og gir oss et dypt innblikk i hans opprinnelse og vei til…  
5502 title misleading there were not enough godfathers in this one 
5503 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "Your country ain't your blood, remember that."The desert of tyranny. A vast tapestry on power and familial disintegration that marches towards its doom with frightening certainty; it might not be as flawlessly shaped as the first film but Coppola's use of counterpoint gives the tragedy a whole other dimension. Pacino prowls into vampiric territory here and his ability to radiate paranoia is the film's engine, he's well matched in the flashbacks by a very driven De Niro who manages…   
5504 Still more love for part one but this sequel did a damn fine job! 
5505  Damn I fuck with this much more than the first film. (Which I really liked, but still.)I put this on really late last night and was a bit terrified by the runtime but this might just be the best paced film I’ve ever seen cause the 202 minutes just flew by like nothing.It’s really just incredibly entertaining. I don’t think there’s that much going on underneath the surface of this film, but everything on screen is just so…  
5506 I can’t say I understand the actions of Fredo as the only thing I hate more than fishing is children. 
5507 sorry guys 
5508  The sequel/prequel to one of the greatest and most influential movies ever made yields nearly the exact same results- carried by two enormous performances from Al Pacino and Robert De Niro- who is without a doubt the only non-insulting choice possible to play the same character as Marlon Brando. It’s also almost eerie how well he nailed the voice Brando did! I could go on and on about the production value, which is tremendous, but I once again just found…  
5509 How can this be a masterpiece if its background is fucking shit? Wow, this movie fascinated me, great Al Pacino, giant Robert De Niro, wonderful mafia movie, I don't know what to say, I still think that The Godfather Part I is shit because I haven't felt that strong criticism reflected and I think this is much more my style, thank you very much 
5510 Each rewatch brings about small details you didn’t notice before. For example, Hyman Roth looked terrible for turning 67. 
5511 I don’t know, I think Michael Corleone might be a horrible human being. 
5512 one of the greatest films of all time, the very best of coppola & cinema 
5513  haven’t seen this in 4 years & it was a close 5 star then but after having rewatched the first & loving it way more, i was really excited for this one. & boy did it deliver. this is one of the best movies ever made. Francis Ford Coppola had complete control over this from that interview i watched on it. the seamless transitions from past to present are perfect. both storylines are perfect. didn't write my review for this right when i…  
5514 goddamn, i was entertained the whole way. a 3 and a half hour movie shouldn't be this fun to watch, especially with my goldfish attention span. even better than the already great godfather 1 imo. such a good movie 
5515 only seen first half so far, passed out due to fever. Good so far tho 👍 
5516 It is so rare for a sequel of a great movie to outdo the original at every level like this does. A particularly major feat when considering that the first movie is literally The Godfather. The Godfather is a fantastic movie no doubt, but The Godfather Part II is genuinely one of the greatest movies of all time. 
5517 I'm glad I've saved this for a big screen first watch 
5518 Хоть фильм и хуже предшественника, 3 с лишним часа проходят незаметно 
5519  The passing of the baton from father to son shows perfectly how the mafia is destined to spread and to be handed down from generation to generation even after the death of his (original) boss. It is a problem that must be torn out at the roots.Once again, Coppola shows us the villainy and monstrosity of these people who, in order to achieve their goal, are ready to get rid of even the people closest to them.If you’re…  
5520  En esta impecable y necesaria segunda parte de la entrega, nos sumergimos en mayor profundidad en los pensamientos y personalidad de Michael Corleone, además de entender cual fue el origen de su padre, Don Vito.Contemplo este último apartado como una de las pautas más importantes y de más valor que nos ofrece la película. Podemos observar cual es el origen de Vito, de donde procede su apellido, y sobre todo, lo que simboliza. Cada una de estas cosas forjaran…  
5521  I’ve gotta admit that I’m slightly underwhelmed with this one. I was expecting to potentially like it even more than the predecessor but unfortunately the first is comfortably better in my view. That’s not to say that it still isn’t a very good film because it is, but when it’s one of the highest rated films of all time, you go in with massive expectations. I thought this sequel had more going on than the original but the story didn’t…  
5522  When watching this series for the first time, an immediate grasp for me was the coverage of the monopolization of identity. In the first film I felt there was a repeated notion of the "afterlife" in how images of growth and development surround the Corleone family. These aspects as seen in the growing children and the sudden murders that challenge the self-perception of stability coalesce with the death of Vito and the emergence of Michael. Through legacy comes a collective…  
5523 se o Michael Corleone tivesse se casado comigo ele não teria passado por isso 
5524 i only got through 20 minutes before my site got blocked rip netfilm 
5525 WOW 
5526 A Film Celebrating Its 50th Anniversary This Yearcan confirm my mum and i cheered whenever rob/vito came on screen. fuck that last ten minutes will never ever get old — and the abortion scene.. fuck! the misogyny diane keaton faced due to this trilogy is insane when she’s one of the best in the films. some cunts hate seeing a woman be in the right and cheer when michael abuses her.fuck michael, your dad wouldn’t like this!! 
5527 I understand those who enjoy part one more, but I respect this movie infinitely more than part one. Absolutely devastating. So good. 
5528 Once again, Coppola doesn’t surprise me. He creates another masterpiece, but I feel that it’s weaker than Part One, although still very strong. It’ll be a tough choice to see if it belongs in my top 10 or not. 
5529 Désolation du rêve américain mon Dieu 
5530 The Godfather Part II >>> The Godfather Part IIn my books. 
5531 Nothing else to add here certified banger. 
5532 I’m so glad I discovered this lowkey gem. This film doesn’t get the praise it deserves! Fantastic movie, I bet the next one will be just as good or better! 
5533 Vachement mieux que le premier au niveau du scénario, en tout cas j’ai préféré. Mais les films de gangster c’est vraiment pas ce qui me fait kiffer honnêtement.Il y a une vrai justesse dans chaque plan, et le scénario est vraiment super bien ficelé. Le parallèle entre la réussite et l’émergence de la famille corleone du côté de vito. Et les difficultés de michael c’est vraiment sympa. 
5534 A trinitarian tragedy across generations. It cuts me to the heart. The mass of hopeful immigrants. Young Vito staring at the Statue of Liberty. Brothers reunited. And finally the penitent man, lonely in his chair. Is there a better film? 
5535  I know I just watched this so of course I can’t think of anything else, but is this my favorite movie ending of all time? I mean, if I really sat down and thought about it, it’s probably not. But dear god does that last dinner table scene hit you like a ton of bricks. Incredibly emotional stuff. When I watched part 1 for the first time, I remember being a little lost and confused at times. When I rewatched…  
5536 They kept talking about fredo and all i could think about was fettuccine alfredo 
5537 espetacular. esse segundo filme consegue ser tão bom e grandioso quanto o primeiro, foi muito interessante acompanhar a vida do Vito Corleone e saber como ele se tornou o padrinho que vemos no primeiro filme, ao mesmo tempo que vemos como o Michael Corleone está lidando com os negócios da família sendo o sucessor.DeNiro e Al Pacino excelentes como sempre, gostei muito do desenvolvimento da história e de como a montagem foi passando entre as diferentes tramas desse longa.considero uma das melhores sequências do cinema 
5538 the only film ever made. nothing else matters. has so many songs it's almost a musical. al pacino. the acting. and al pacino. easily always in my top 4 of all time. 
5539 what if Anakin Skywalker had fallen into the Sicilian side of the force 
5540 1000th Film‼️And just fucking wow 
5541 Aucuns reproche pour cette œuvre-monde, apogée d'une trilogie, peut-être du cinéma...Un film très long, et qui répond à toutes les questions du premier, et avec brio.Un fin qui aurait très bien pu conclure la saga des Corleone tellement ce film est la perfection que l'on souhaite dans une suite. 
5542 גורם לראשון להראות מעפן 
5543 Me parece curioso que no tenga tan buena iluminación como la primera. 
5544 For basically my entire life I’ve know that this is one on the best movies of all time. It truly did live up to every thought, assumption, and expectation I’ve had about it. It’s the world that I’ve always and forever wanted to visit. I wish I hadn’t waited so long. 
5545  I will make him an offer he don't refuseVito Corleone ou comment écrire le personnage parfait.Coppola détient ici sûrement la plus grande des suites de l'histoire du cinéma, et pourtant le film ne possède que deux intrigues : la jeunesse de Vito Corleone et l'expansion du territoire de la famille par Michael.Je ne parlerais ni de la réalisation, ni de l'image, ni de la musique, ni de la performance all time de Al Pacino et Robert De…  
5546  The Godfather Part 2 - Francis Ford Coppola THE GREATEST SEQUEL OF ALL TIMESequel to The Godfather released in 1972 which met with success, even winning 3 Oscars (Best Film, Best Actor, Best Adapted Screenplay)The Godfather 2 direct sequel to the first released in 1974 and directed by Francis Ford Coppola will still meet with success until this time even winning 6 Oscars (Best Film, Best Director, Best Adapted Screenplay, Best Actor in a Supporting Role, Best Film…  
5547 Maybe the best directed movie of all time. Also, to every actor working today: you’ll never have the career that Harry Dean Stanton had. 
5548 Oh my holy godfathers 
5549  1200th MovieI watched The Godfather over two years ago. I wanted to watch Part II for a somewhat special occasion. I don't know if this is a hot take but I think Part 2 is far superior than the first one. The story, the dialogue and the acting in my opinion are so much better than its predecessor.The movie is so captivating especially every scene with Al Pacino. At first I thought the Robert DeNiro scenes would ruin…  
5550 so i got more enjoyment out of this film compared to part 1 but there were a few parts that i disliked. al pacino not winning an oscar is crazy. 
5551  ”I’ll make him an offer he can’t refuse” this has to be one of the most iconic lines in film. Whenever they say it in the first or the second movie you know exactly what it means. Probably one of the best sequels to ever be made. Insane plot along with perfect backstory. 10/10 acting from Robert DeNiro and Al Pacino. And you have to mention the amazing Parallel from Taxi driver and when Robert DeNiro killed fonnacio. The character of Micheal…  
5552 Ternyata gue lebih suka lagi ama yang ini dibanding yang pertama. Enjoy banget sih gue nontonnyaaa, padahal gue dulu anti banget sama film-film kaya begini alias baru 15 menit pasti udah ketiduran wkwkwk.Di sini harusnya kita bakal liat Al Pacino, Robert de Niro, sama Marlon Brando juga ga sihhh?? Gregetan bangettt, soalnya setau gue di scene ulang tahunnya Godfather itu, Marlon harusnya nongol. Tapi, gapapa deh tetep bagusss.AAAAA SUKAK POKOKNYAAA😫 
5553 This movie is literally about “🤔” 
5554 This isn’t about Vito Corleone the toy, it’s the origin story of the real Vito Corleone that the toy is based on 
5555 Der Moment, in dem Vito als kleiner Junge nach New York einfährt. Der Kuss auf der Silvesterparty. Kays Geständnis. Franks besiegeltes Schicksal. Michael, alleine am Tisch. Diese Liste könnte weitergehen, denn The Godfather: Part II reiht beeindruckende Zeitzeugnis-Sequenzen, prägende Scheidepunkte sowie ikonische Dialogzeilen aneinander, grandios begleitet durch Musik und Produktionsdesign, und der gesamte Schluss ist so herzzerreißend, wie es seitdem nur zwei andere Mafia-Filme waren. 
5556 It's too long. There, I said it. But the prophecy was true and I'm blown away at how fantastic a sequel this is, a perfect continuation of an already practically flawless story. Everything past the intermission is mastery. Think I'm still in Part One Gang currently (nothing can top the baptism), but it's impressively close. Can't believe the same guy who pulled this off twice also made Apocalypse Now - though granted Satan did get his end of that bargain with Jack and Part III, or so I hear. 
5557 michael corleone, you are SUCH a cunt (semi-affectionate, semi-derogatory) 
5558 Simply one of the greatest sequels of all time. This is cinema at its finest the two stories past and present is done so masterful. Al Pacino as Michael Corleone has to be one of the coldest and most complex characters of all time. He’s got it and he’s willing to do anything means necessary to keep his family safe even if it will hurt him. The score and cinematography is beautiful as I was fully invested in every scene. 
5559 It’s fantastic, but it’s too long. Contrary to what I’ve been told, everything did not need to be in there. Unpopular opinion: the first one is better, only very slightly though. Fredo deserves no sympathy. Again why is it so long, loses it a half  star. 
5560  Si a mi me preguntaran cuál de las dos partes de El Padrino es mejor, hace unos algunos días me habría decantado por la primera, pero tras volver a ver hoy "The Godfather: Part II" me he dado cuenta de que no pueden separarse, pues las dos alcanzan unas cotas de maestría en todos los aspectos casi nunca alcanzadas en el cine. Como tal, son historias aparentemente independientes una de otra, sin embargo, hay un nexo de unión que las…  
5561 The Godfather: flooredThe Godfather Part II: boredCompletely beyond my understanding why anyone thinks this movie is worthy of being compared to the first. Even I used to think that! And I literally can't figure out why!! It's good don't get me wrong, but the really great parts of this film are separated by 40+ minutes of profound, beautifully-shot boredom on either side, and Part 1 is three hours of pure heat. I'd happily watch the first film again tomorrow. This one I may never again. 
5562 This movie is so fucking boring.  It’s just weird “Italian” men doing tasks.  It like among us but at least the death in among us are entertaining.  Never watch this hot garbage movie.  If I could give this 0 stars I would. 
5563 "If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill anyone." 
5564 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  The chad Vito “worked my way up from nothing” Corleone vs. the soyjack Michael “boohoo my wife got an abortion” Corleone  
5565 Y’know, I can’t help but wish Francis said “fuck it”, made this thing 4 hours long, and gave us 40 more minutes of young Vito. Michael’s portion of the story feels complete, but to me, Vito’s feels like it only hits the important beats of his life without letting us know him in the way we know Michael.Otherwise, this is pretty much flawless. 
5566  Pacino performances...Me:1) Dog Day2) Scarecrow 3) Coda4) One5) Part TwoDan:1) Part Two — It’s him. He’s really inhabited that character. He goes through all these emotional ups and downs and he’s gotten so close to the character that he really feels it. There’s the true sense of repressed anger that he exhibits. There’s the honest sense of betrayal. 2) Scarecrow — One of the greatest comedic roles I’ve ever seen. Past the Marx…  
5567 This is peak cinema. 
5568 “Michael Corleone has a statement to make”Michael Corleone: HOO-AH 
5569 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  i don't know about you but i would give michael corleone as many children as he wanted i live to serve my king rip to kay but i'm different😁anyway i really wanted to give this the full five stars but this is my second time watching and i fell asleep AGAIN please i just want to get through this movie in one sitting for once  
5570 I haven’t seen this before and I did become emotional thinking about my ancestors. Merry Christmas to them! ❤️ 
5571 Holy fucking shit 
5572 i don’t have words for this right now. just awe. 
5573 My parents sat me down to watch The Godfather back in 2012 and it's taken me 8 years and a lockdown-inspired movie marathon to get to Part II. 
5574 Ben’s August 2nd Plan12:00 - Wake up. Read the news. Do a crossword puzzle.1:30 - Begin watching The Godfather Part II(1974).3:10 - Pancake break3:15 - continue to watch The Godfather Part II(1974).3:40 - Reach Intermission. Take a shit.3:55 - Finish watching The Godfather Part II(1974).Rest of the day - Think about John Cazale. Maybe cry. 
5575 in fact, some of my best friend friends are italian-americansugh... i get it 🙄😐 i get it.there is a scene where michael eats an unpeeled orange. twisted fucking cycle path 
5576 Fell asleep 
5577 Missing my brother Evan - the Tom to my Michael. 
5578 this is just a 3 hour long al pacino fancam 
5579 Yes, I think The Godfather part II is better than the first.No, I’m not an idiot. For me, part II in what is to some the best collection of consecutive films in existence simply offers so much more substance than the first. The cinematography was so much better and I actually saw myself looking back and taking in the streets of Italian dominated New York City neighborhoods or the streets of Cuba. 
5580 The Godfather Part ll is one of the best sequels ever made. It got everything from the first and improved upon it, but this time making it a truly heartwrenching story. Michael Corleone is also quite possibly the greatest protagonist of Film/Television as well, up there with the likes of Walter White. These two films demonstrate quite possibly the greatest character arc ever put to film as well. The Godfather Part ll is epic, beautiful, and emotional, but you already know that. It’s without a doubt one of my new favorite films of all time. 
5581 Coppola really laid the blueprint for great modern filmmaking with these films. It's a clinic on how to stage, block, shoot, pace, construct one scene after another, after another.And the final scene is so spot-on with how memories work it's astonishing. 
5582 Everytime I wonder if I really want to dedicate my life to a career that is so oversaturated with lifeless heartless slosh, I watch a film like this and remember why i started. 
5583  Finally saw this after years of kicking myself for having never seen it before. The first film is an incredible masterpiece of a film. While this film WAS good, I have to say that I was a bit bored during large portions of it, specifically to do with the first two hours of the present day timeline. The opening implements the same technique of having it be at a big party that introduces all the main characters and the conflicts…  
5584  i hate myself so much right now, for a simple reason. my first watch of this brilliant, beautiful and legendary film was made while i was tired and sleepy and the story is pretty hard to follow when you are in this type of condition. that doesn't mean that i didn't enjoy because, well, i did and my rating reflects that but a movie like this doesn't deserve something like this from me. i'm sorry, gods of film. by the…  
5585 Holy shit, folks. 
5586  How To Be Feminist Challenge9- A Classic Movie You Feel Slightly Guilty You Haven't Seen YetThe Summer of Directors ChallengeFilm 37- #6: Francis Ford Coppola It’s sorta funny. What this movie did best for was remind me to revisit the first Godfather film. Everything has been said about the franchise, and I completely agree that this is one of the best sequels I’ve ever witnessed. It takes the perfection of the first film, and converts it into…  
5587 #36 in my collection rewatch.Honestly, this isn't a rewatch. I hadn't seen Part II before this, and I haven't yet seen Part III.My comment on this film:"Though inferior in every way to the first Godfather film, this sequel still shows great excellence in many ways, from the story and its characters to the cinematography and acting. The whole sequel/prequel idea is terrific and works perfectly, and De Niro gives an amazing performance." 
5588  Quanto mais eu assisto esse filme, mais fantástico ele fica pra mim. O domínio que o Coppola tem pelos personagens, principalmente nessa segunda parte é fenomenal.Poderia ser algo piegas e sem substância, tentando apenas surfar na onda do primeiro, mas ele potencializa e aumenta o antecessor. Parece que toda a áurea é mantida e reforçada aqui.A trajetória do Michael é algo fantástico e sem paralelos no que eu vi até hoje, mas o Vito Corleone talvez seja o…  
5589 pq todos os homens não são igual o michael corleone? 
5590 I really liked this movie, not quite as much as the first one, but that might change whenever I watch it again. I think Michael is one of my favorite fictional characters, but dang does he fall apart in this movie. The last about 20 min were so sad to watch but I loved every second of it. A fantastic continuation 
5591 Spent $130 on authentic Italian pasta with the gang for this (thanks Frali). Loved how they mirrored the actions of father and son and how choices echo through generations. The flashback at the end to the first film was the perfect touch to remind us of how drastically Michael changed out of instinct and survival and how he has lost everything that was important to him in the first place. The shit hitting the fan in the last ten minutes was a blast. 
5592 Girlies either want Tom Hagen or want to be Tom Hagen. 
5593 how do you say banana daiquiri? 
5594 1>2 (its just not the same without Marlon Brando) but still a masterpiece, although admittedly I was expecting a very different movie 
5595 şerefini sikeyim fredo.92/100 
5596 Fredo is such a dumbass 
5597 One of the greatest films ever, but I still prefer the original… I think that speaks volumes to the series 
5598 they didn't speak true italian, I didn't even hear one gorlami 
5599  When I first saw this I said that not every scene is essential and for the life of me I have no idea which scene I was talking about. This is stunning, at once an epic crime drama that spans 70 years and 5 cities across North America and an intimate, disturbing story about one man who goes from someone with no morals to someone with no humanity. All that is made more tragic because the story is ostensibly about…  
5600 " You broke my heart. " 💔 
5601  The Sequel : One of the best sequels ever to be made. It can be argued that it surpasses the original. The filmmaking here is top notch. Every scene is filled with groundbreaking staging and framing. The two stories being told are engrossing on their own. Combine all that with effortless acting by Al Pacino. Him just sitting on a couch staring gives you goosebumps. Robert Di Nero is terrific. It just makes me happy that he was a part…  
5602 Lajkuj i ti ovaj rivju ako bi radije poslovao/la sa Hešom Rabkinom nego sa Hajmanom Rotom✌🏻🤗💯🌹☕️🔥💕💗💸💰P.S. MAJKL JEDE POMORANDŽU KAO JABUKU, GRIZE JE SA SVE KOROM, AAAAAAAAAA, ako do sad niste bili sigurni da je psihopata, ovo je definitivna potvrda 
5603 You know the cast is strong when you only notice Harry Dean Stanton on the 4th or 5th viewing. 
5604 chefs kiss. 
5605 Peak peak peak Probably the greatest sequel ever made Okay my opinion has changed ,The godfather part one is better by a bit The end is perfection . Truly iconic and one of the best movies oat .Now that I’ve rewacth the two parts it’s time for the first watch of the third . 
5606  After rewatching The Godfather last night, I had to rewatch The Godfather: Part II. What a perfect film! The storytelling serves up both a prequel & sequel. In doing so, we learn the similarities & differences between Vito & Michael Corleone. The latter of which has such a chilling character arc. The final scene’s easily one of the best endings that I’ve ever seen. Coppola’s Visual storytelling is especially fitting during said ending scene. Felt very emotional! The Godfather Part I & II are…  
5607 God I love Al and Bobby D. They just don’t make em like that anymore 🥲 
5608 La mejor de la trilogía pero personalmente me sigo quedando con la 1. Incluso me la estaba pensando al ver de nuevo las escenas de la juventud de Vito que son ufff, son perfección en estado puro. Pero aún así soy más fan de la anterior entrega aunque ambas son obras maestras, eso si de la 3 ni hablamos 🫢 
5609  ‘I believe in America,’ declares an undertaker in portentous close-up at the start of THE GODFATHER, appealing to Vito Corleone (Marlon Brando) to dispatch an act of vengeance on his behalf. The sequel begins and ends with close-ups of Michael (Al Pacino), Vito’s youngest son and successor: in the first his hand is being kissed off-screen by yet another supplicant; in the last he sits alone biting his knuckle, with his wedding ring clearly in evidence — an apt symbol…  
5610 my small king obviously hadn't have seen many oranges up until this movie or else he wouldn't be eating them like that 
5611 “You broke my heart Fredo you broke my heart” 
5612 lol paramount+ totally didn't subtitle any of the italian so idk what was going on for a lot of the movie but good job to sofia coppola's dad on another one of these guys! i totally relate to Kay bc i also used to date a compulsive liar named Michael who was wanted by the cops<3 btw i don't know if you guys noticed but this movie is long as fuck!! 
5613 Even better than pt 1 
5614 the super mario franchise sent back Italians 500 years 
5615  “My father taught me many things here - he taught me in this room. He taught me: keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”The final 20 minutes of this film is some of the best yet heartbreaking stuff I’ve ever seen. Wow.Finally crossed this absolute big hitter off the watchlist and boy was it worth the wait. Now I won’t sit here and lie like I was completely glued the entire time. A film that’s 3 hours…  
5616 I mean it’s no Grown Ups 2…… 
5617 Don’t make ‘em like this any more 
5618 I never know no Godfather, i have my own family senator.Soul destroying ending.The contrast between Michael and vito with how they run the family is heartbreaking to watch. The whole film is great but that last hour is probably the best 60 minutes in a film i have EVER seen.Despite the massive runtime i wasn't bored once it all flows so well, De niro as a young vito worked PERFECTLY.Part 1 and 2 are even better than the hype suggested, i am not the same man i was two films ago... 
5619  Damn this movie is not overrated at all it’s truly cinema .The Godfather Part 2 stands as a cinematic masterpiece for several reasons. Francis Ford Coppola's direction is nothing short of brilliant, seamlessly weaving the complex narrative between Michael Corleone's present and Vito Corleone's past. The film's camera angles and cinematography capture the essence of each scene, enhancing the storytelling.Character analysis reveals deep, nuanced portrayals, especially Al Pacino's compelling performance as Michael Corleone and Robert De Niro's captivating portrayal…  
5620 MICHAEL CORLEONE I NEED YOU SO BAD… 
5621 I liked it when young Vito said, “I am become death, destroyer of worlds.” 
5622 “i don’t feel i have to wipe everybody out, tom. just my enemies” 
5623 Det hade varit gott med en pizza 
5624 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  “It wasn't a miscarriage. It was an abortion. An abortion, Michael. Just like our marriage is an abortion. Something that's unholy and evil. I didn't want your son, Michael! I wouldn't bring another one of you sons into this world! It was an abortion, Michael! It was a son Michael! A son! And I had it killed because this must all end!“   
5625 Just like the first this is a masterpiece. 
5626 dosent beat jurassic park 2 
5627 فخامة و عراقة ،، الواحد طلع كان فايته كتير فعلا 
5628 Robert de Niro de Vito Corleone jovem era tudo que eu precisava 
5629 nothing more to say than just amazing 
5630  Title: A Tale of Two Don's - Michael Corleone and Luigi: Godfather II's MasterpieceRating: ⭐⭐⭐⭐⭐Godfather II is a cinematic masterpiece that stands as a testament to the genius of director Francis Ford Coppola and the timeless brilliance of the Corleone saga. What makes this film truly exceptional is the portrayal of two iconic characters, Michael Corleone and Luigi, each representing distinct facets of power, leadership, and the consequences of their choices.Michael Corleone, played by the incomparable Al…  
5631 The ending of this film is so goddamn haunting, and the rest of it so stunningly realised. The lingering master shot where Michael walks in to sit in front of a completely resigned Fredo is one of the best ever. 
5632 Anytime Robert De Niro is on screen it’s a 5 star movie 
5633  Wir brauchen gar nicht darüber diskutieren, dass auch Der Pate II, genau wie sein Vorgänger, ein sehr guter Film ist. Rein nüchtern betrachtet sogar ein nahezu perfekter. Coppolas Regie, die darstellerischen Leistungen von sämtlichen Beteiligten, die Ausstattung, der Score etc. Auch diesem Film kann man im Grunde nicht viel vorwerfen. Die Gründe für meine minimale Ernüchterung liegen nämlich erneut bei sehr subjektiven Punkten, bei denen ich jeden verstehen, der das ganz anders sieht.Mein größtes Problem mit Der Pate II…  
5634 Simplismente uma das melhores sequências do cinema, perfeito. 
5635 Gotta say I honestly preferred the first one 
5636 I’ve never loved this film nearly as much as the first one, and while I still prefer the first movie, this has grown on me so much. The young Vito scenes are probably one of my favourite parts to a film of all time. Also, how the hell did Al Pacino not win an Oscar for this role? Absolutely wild. 
5637 damn near brought me to tears keep forgetting how powerful those final 10 minutes are, the greatest story ever told no doubt 
5638 prob the only three and a half hour movie I could watch at home and stay completely locked in through the closing credits 
5639 Prefiro a parte 1 
5640 No sex scene 
5641  Second verse same as the first, Godfather 2 has many of the strengths that the first had, even excelling in some areas. The characters face much appreciated development, specifically 3: Vito, Michael, and the twist villain. The film hops around time and juggles the perspective of Vito and Micheal, giving us insight on how Vito came to be and the parallels between himself and Michael. Both are great characters, but I really like what they did with the twist "villain"…  
5642 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   🤌🤌(In all seriousness, I think this deserves a little more than emoji's)The Godfather Part II is single the greatest sequel of all time and an improvement over the first film (no disrespect whatsoever).We find a much more mature and grounded take with Michael as the new head of the family, Fredo is given much more to do as a character and his death at the end strikes us in surprise, the parallel between Don Vito's story and…   
5643 Props I want from this movie:01. Fredo’s chair02. The olive oil container Don Ciccio holds as he’s stabbed03. The rug Vito and Clemenza steal 
5644 “I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!”202 more minutes of pure cinema. 
5645 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  where do i apply for the position of michael’s new wife ???????  
5646  Tom Hagen: It would be like trying to kill the President; there's no way we can get to him.Michael Corleone: Tom, you know you surprise me. If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it's that you can kill anybody.The Godfather might just be the most revered film of all time. Everything about the film is simply perfect, and it embodies something that can only be done in the medium of film, because…  
5647 I don’t give a fuck what anyone says. This is better than the first. Anyone who says otherwise is wrong. Come at me. 
5648 so I finally got around to watching The Godfather Part II and yeah idk about this, godfather part 1 is defiantly superior in almost every way, part II lacks direction and also felt overly long, however I did like all the flash back sequences and Al Pacino kills it in this roles and defiantly carried it for me, same goes for Robert Deniro who succeeds in playing a younger Vito Corleone, Maybe I need to rewatch this but for now I think this movie is ovverated8.3/10 for 4 stars 
5649  I'm honestly surprised how this essentially has the same rating as the first godfather. It's significantly less captivating and is nowhere near as electric. In the first movie, Every other scene felt iconic and the slow pace felt justified because of how efficient the story was at building characters. There was always something really engaging going on to hook you into this rich world.For part 2, they hook you initially with one brief mystery that is immediately revealed and…  
5650 coisa linda 
5651 Que decir, otra obra maestra al igual que su antecesora. 
5652  The way this movie both plays with its own intertextuality in it’s parallel story telling between Michael and Vito, and also the film preceding it, is truly masterful and over its (in my opinion) perfectly paced run time (something very hard to do with an epic like this) allows for yes a more understated conclusion than the first, but one no less dramatic, impactful or beautifully haunting than it’s predecessor. Do I like this movie more than the first, I…  
5653 had to let it linger for a bit before deciding on a rating but omfg the writing and pacing is incredible truly tragic and engaging, so impressed by how sympathetic I am to Michael and the complexities presented in this film 
5654 im sorry but the first one was way better imo 🫣maybe this was just too long idk but i couldn’t get into it i’ll try and watch it again another time and my rating might change 
5655 "I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!" - the most heartbreaking lineMichael Corleone, the man who started with everything and ended with nothing.MASTERPIECE 
5656 only in coppola’s world would a woman go to bed with a full beat and a bouffant 
5657  The godfather the godfather the godfather.I finished this one after coming with full expectations from the first one which was amazing.The movie had a lot of emotion and pain with a great acting.De Niro is simply a legend.There is no other word.He plays precisely and does it with emotion.And I really like it.Al Pezzino puts on a show as Michael Corleone.The action in the film does not disappoint and with it the…  
5658 יותר טוב מהראשון 
5659  "My father taught me many things here, he taught me in this room. He taught me: Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."In 1958, Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) has relocated the family to Nevada and is more powerful than ever, but is still trying to make the family business legitimate. The movie also shows his father Vito Corleone's (Robert De Niro) rise to power ...Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather: Part II is the 2nd part in the…  
5660 La primera sigue siendo mi favorita, pero esta secuela es una de las mejores que he visto en mi vida 
5661 Not long enough 
5662 I vividly remember seeing The Godfather on the big screen and thinking, “Movies don’t get better than this.”  The next week, I saw The Godfather Part II on the big screen and thought, “Oh, wow…actually, they can get better.” 
5663 robert de niro y al pacino en la misma película 😍😍😍 morí y reviví para terminar esta joyita 
5664  "My father taught me many things here, he taught me in this room. He taught me - keep your friends close, but your enemies closer."The Godfather: Part II is one of the greatest films of all time. Ambitious, visually gorgeous, impeccably acted, expertly written with different countries, generations, time periods and plotlines expertly interwoven and directed by one of the true masters of cinema Francis Ford Coppola. It is somehow even more cinematic and visually gorgeous than the first…  
5665 still don’t understand how this has higher ratings than the first.. 
5666  Upon rewatch and EXTREMELY hard consideration I’ve decided which Godfather is better;What The Godfather has:- Marlon Brando- The iconic lines and shots- James Caan- One of the highest builds of tension in cinematic history (the restaurant massacre)- An iconic masterpiece of written cinema that goes down in history as one of the greatsWhat The Godfather Part II has:- Robert De Niro- The ultimate betrayal - The rooftop massacre - More John…  
5667  “ My father taught me many things here he taught me in this room. He taught me :*‘ Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer. ‘* “اتعب وانا اقول عظمة يا ناس اتكلم عن اخراج او اتكلم عن تمثيل او اتكلم عن كتابة او اتكلم عن شخصيات .. الكمال السينمائي تجسد في هالفلمين ،صحيح اني لازلت مقتنع بعد الاعادة ان الجزء الأول افضل من الثاني لكن هالشي ما يعني ان هالجزء ايضا تحفة و تكملة لاعظم…  
5668 “you broke my heart”i’d shit myself 
5669 i’m so drunk haha @fredo 
5670 truly phenomenal stuff. no film has any right to be north of 200 minutes, besides this one. not one piece of dialogue that’s not captivating. pacino and cazale are on a different stratosphere. don’t think there’s any way you can compare this to part one; two sides of the same coin. they fit perfectly with one another. 
5671  Epic and sublime. Amongst the greatest films ever. Such artistic ambition - and entirely successful. Both a prequel and a sequel - but enriches the original too.Destruction follows creation. A crime family born through a search for community justice. Violence used as a weapon to protect immigrant families from corruption and exploitation. And within one generation the Corleone family wrecked by the very concentration of power it acted against. Any sense of honour amongst thieves is rejected entirely. Michael's…  
5672 I’ve seen 3 classic Pacino performances in theaters over the last six months. There’s a screening of Jack & Jill on Tuesday. Hmm. 35mm IB Tech @ New Beverly 
5673 god bless al pacino 
5674 The corrupting, degradative power America holds over even the most powerful family in the country, twisting family into business and forcing brotherhood into betrayal. I have very little to say about it, other than the experience of seeing the first on the big screen last year has made me all the more excited to do the same with this one. 
5675  Era um menino.Pode parecer desinteressante, mas o mais longo filme da trilogia não demonstra nada inferior ao comparar com o original.Michael Corleone é cinza.O maior atributo que podemos destacar em O Poderoso Chefão: Parte II é sua linda fotografia, em virtude de sua necessidade quase cinestésica por cenários mais harmônicos e trabalhados. A parte visual é impecável, desde o que vai para os olhos até o que lubrifica o coração.Junto com esses cenários coloridos, vem também…  
5676 If all goes right, I will hold a degree in English literature in the next two months. I think what I’ve learned through reading way, way too much classic American literature in my day is that there are truly zero books with a stake for the title of The Great American Novel that are not bleak and depressing as hell. Similarly, The Godfather, perhaps the Great American Film Series, reads to me as as close as you can get to writing a true tragedy in modern times. Devastating movie. 
5677 I gave this film 3 hours and 30 minutes of my life. I will never regret it 
5678 Unbelievable how this perfect sequel, a film in the conversation for best of all time was kinda reluctantly directed by Coppola. That scene with Tom and Frankie outside with their cigars is incredible. It's also crazy how Frankie's character was subbed into the film last-minute.The music (and obviously this film) is just so tragic. There's elements of that in the first film but goddamn does it write home this time round :/ 
5679 You know a film is epic when you have 3 days off and you clear a days schedule just to watch The Godfather Part 2. No great revelation that it’s better than the first. Coppola puts Michael Corleone (by far the most compelling character) front and centre and it’s equally cruel and ruthless. This is a world you can lose yourself in, so much nuance on screen. Forgot Harry Dean Stanton was in this. I have an undying respect for Francis Ford Coppola and here’s hoping Megalopolis is worth the decades of anticipation he’s been priming us for. 
5680 Me tarde mucho en verla , la vi unas 3 veces y no me arrepiento de nada de lod mejores films q vi 
5681 Not as good as the first but still pretty goddamn phenomenal in pretty much every way. Found the Michael plot to be a bit more interesting and suspenseful than the Vito storyline, but De Niro kills it in his portions of the movie. Almost a 5. 
5682 one of the rare sequels to surpass the original 
5683  Don Vito asla böyle bir adam değildi. Michael asla babasının izinden gidecek bir Don değil. Sahne geçileri o kadar dengeli tutulmuş ki, genç Don Vito ile hemen hemen kendisinin yaşında olan genç Michael Corleone arasındaki “Don” olma süreci kesinlikle benzer değil. Michael, işini ailesinden önce koyuyor ama Vito’nun aileyi hep “ilk” sırada tutmasıyla saygı nedir ne değildir izlerken bu şekilde anlayabiliyoruz. Robert De Niro’nun oyunculuğu kesinlikle karizmatik ve genç Don Vito’yu ancak duru oyunculuğuyla oynayabilirmiş. İnanılmaz etkilendim. Kitabı okurken kafamda…  
5684 i feel like a psych ward patient walking down the halls every time i watch this 
5685 🟩🟩97🟩🟩I never thought a sequel could outshine the original so much, and I just how well-put together this movie was. Pacino delivers a compelling performance that showcases the character's transition from an innocent and romantic youth to a ruthless and cunning boss. The last scene with Pacino is one of the most impactful scenes in the movie and leaves a lasting impression on the audience. It's a rare sequel that outshines its predecessor, thanks to its brilliant storytelling, exceptional acting, and masterful direction. 
5686 I think I should take more of a break before watching the third one. A guy pushed past me, when getting off the train, earlier today and the first thought that popped into my head was that I should kill him to set an example for the rest of the passengers. 
5687 I liked the first one more honestly 
5688  Man I hate to be predictable, but this picture is simply perfection incarnated. The second chapter in the Godfather trilogy is the playbook example on how to do a sequel right. It expands on the history of the Corleone family telling us Vito's rise to power, and giving us more info on his morals, values and how they came to be, thus retroactively making the first film even better (I thought it wasn't possible, but here we are). This film…  
5689 i’ve seen fredo’s hairline a thousand times. it catches me off guard everytime. 
5690 best al pacino has ever looked 
5691 Dude I am so lost I want to love it but I am absolutely lost at sea rn why is everyone dead??😭😭 
5692 don't know if i was more invested in de niro's scenes bc i wanted to know about the godfather lore or bc he was hot 
5693  "I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart."'The Godfather part. II' is even a richer work than its successful predecessor; the major acting, Coppola's direction and stylish cinematography create a convincing epic quality for this film, that perfectly serves as both a sequel and a prequel.It's fascinating not just to watch a movie, but also being able to watch a study on a migrant community and the power within it, while witnessing…  
5694 90/100Still a great film but not on the same level as the first imo. This one banks on what was already previously established in the first film. I like how this focuses on the character of Michael and Don Vito. You can definitely feel the run time and it’s sometimes hard to keep up with what all is happening. Still an impressive film with a great structure and dialogue and a great continuation of the character Michael Corlione but too long and doesn’t feel like it has the same stakes as the first one. 
5695 had some trouble keeping up with all the names, but it went much better than pt 1 
5696 any mob boss born in the 1920s can’t cook… all they know is olive oil business front, kiss they brother, murder, be a paranoid girlloser , eat hot chip & lie 
5697 My goal is to love this movie as much as I love its predecessor. I will start by figuring out what is going on in Michael’s storyline 
5698 One of the greatest films of all time. I loved the first, but the second is just, so flawless. I love how the story transitions from part one. Pacino is fantastic but all the flashback Deniro scenes are the best out of the whole series. While the first is known to be more iconic, this one being slower and patient just gives everything a much more grounded and poignant lift. The editing, the music, direction, cinematography, performances. Just wow. What a film. 
5699 What’s more crushing to watch, Al Pacino losing his soul or the move from NYC to NevadaReally good obviously but what a bummer movie!Update: have been compelled in 5 recent conversations to say “this is just like the godfather,” when all you have is a hammer everything looks like a nail I guess 
5700 best thing to ever happen to the humankind 
5701 so so soooooo happy i caught the last hour randomly playing on tv.genuinely think the ending scenes are without a doubt one of the best ways to end a film in cinema history. francis, you geniussss!!!!!al pacino you will always be famous <3333333333333 
5702  I feel safe in sticking to my belief that the first movie is better after revisiting both back to back. I appreciate the broader scope of this one and that it's almost entirely a tale of Michael's descent to darkness, but the first movie did a perfect job of showing how quickly he went down that path. And I never felt that I needed to see Vito's backstory, because his portrayal in the first movie immediately tells you everything you…  
5703 https://open.spotify.com/track/7LQKuOaqJrNgVIGLFnfvdn?si=ICo0VFRAQ5ed7onlI5jKvw 
5704 he’s got eldest daughter syndrome 
5705 Al Pacino the gayest woman ever 
5706 Put the pitchforks down! I can’t, in good conscience, give a sequel higher marks than the original (in this case at least). It’s too long— and I just watched and enjoyed the hell out of Brighter Summer Day. It’s really just that there are too many subplots happening at the same time for this story. It’s still good, but not at all a perfect film. 
5707 Upon rewatch, I realized how damn gut-wrenching this film really is (especially in those last 30 minutes), Coppola is excellent at showing strong emotions in an interesting way, and while this film isn't as good as the first, it certainly lives up to it. 
5708  النشوه السينمائيه، هي اللحظه التي يصل فيها الفلم لمستوى مجهول من الاتقان، فهذا العمل هو طبق شهي متكامل اجتمع في طبخه مجموعه من اعظم الطهاه بالتاريخ، طبق مليئ بالنكهات يجعلك تقشعر عندما تأكل منه عند كل لقمة، طبق كبير ولكنك تنتهي منه ليس شابعا بل شرِهًا للمزيد بلا توقف، تشبيهي العمل بالطعام لانه اقرب شي له في الوصف، لان الطعام يطبخ على نار هادئه، تضاف له لمسات بعد كل حين، ولا تضاف مرة واحده، بالتدريج فقط، يتم تحريكه ليمتزج مع…  
5709 While The Godfather and The Godfather: Part 2 essentially work together as one film, I must admit the sequel (and prequel) really blew me away this rewatch, even more so than the original. 2nd viewing  
5710  La segunda parte de El Padrino nos entrega dos líneas temporales: una en el presente, con Michael Corleone lidiando con un traidor dentro de su grupo y con enemigos cercanos que desean liquidarlo; y otra en el pasado, con la vida de Vito Corleone, cómo pasó de ser un niño inmigrante al gran jefe de familia que conocimos en la obra original.Ya había visto esta película en más de una ocasión, pero hacía años que no la revisitaba, por…  
5711 This is a longer and even richer continuation of the first 'Godfather' film and a quiet compelling character piece of the father and son. At once and prequel and sequel, the events of each one's journey to lead this crime family run parallel in story telling format. BIt has a terrific end, BTW.💯100%A+AwesometacularBetter Than Sex 
5712  99/100 overall. How can a sequel be at the same level of its predecessor when its predecessor is ‘The Godfather’?‘Part II’ is perfect in every aspect, not a single negative or a nitpick can be spotted throughout the film. It’s very ambitious in scope, since it serves as a prequel and a sequel to the original, and it executes that perfectly, with both stories following Vito and Michael heavily differs yet still similar. The runtime is 202 mins, yet…  
5713 two years to the day since i first watched 
5714 Not as good as the first one ngl. But hey, we still get to see Vito Corleone's backstory, and a very solid continuation of the story. So I'm fine with that. I just wished it was as powerful as the first one, and it wasn't... 
5715 al pacino eyes 
5716 de niro’s pronunciation in this Holy fucking shit and the whole plot HOLY FUCK WHAT DID I JUST WATCH I NEED A SIXTH STAR (i could fix michael) 
5717  A perfect sequel in every imaginable way.The Godfather Part II is immaculate and grand, mirroring its predecessor in terms of narrative identity and visual visage. The biggest difference, however, is the way in which this film approaches its narrative. After all, it’s a great tragedy, depicting Michael Corleone’s downward spiral as he tosses aside the true values of family and respect established by his father in favor of the dangerous expansion of his wealth and influence. Everything I could…  
5718 Slightly better than part 1 imo 
5719  "Times are changing."It's very obvious that time is the essence of this part, the pacing of the movie explains it all, it's slow, then fast, then slow again. Brilliant montages are employed, the movie beautifully depicts the change by both the timeline it focuses on, we witness the creation of a world and we witness the same break down as a new system takes over. The future is swallowed by the present and the present by the past, thereby…  
5720 sexy ass italians mmm mm mm 
5721 call me michael corleone the way fredo has broken my heart ... :( 
5722  I prefer the first just by a smidge but Part II is no doubt one of the greatest films ever made. Some of the greatest acting performances I’ve ever seen all in one film. Pacino and DeNiro in particular give some of their best ever.The cinematography is obviously incredible, the score is fantastic, the pacing is unbelievably good despite the film being 3½ hours long, and the ending is one of the best in cinematic history.The only thing…  
5723 What a way to spend a long plane flight! It was fun being able to change the brightness since I normally have not done this feature at home. Anyways, a perfect film. I already told you this last month. Now, I am in Vegas for a few days. 
5724 Extremely generic and cold take but possibly the greatest movie ever made. Not sure if it's my favorite but obviously a masterpiece 
5725 This was sooo boring, I'd rather watch The Flintstones (1994) 
5726 Michael Corleone is one brutal, merciless motherfucker. And he doesn't even pull a trigger in this film. Holy Shit. 
5727 isn’t quite as perfectly tight as the first one, but breaks my heart so thoroughly and god, the don vito segments just SING. 
5728 Which is better, The Godfather or The Godfather Part II? Well, why don’t you just ask for the formula for cold fusion while you are at it! 
5729 A beautiful, haunting tragedy about how business is a soul sucking nightmare if not handled correctly and empathetically. Also, a bunch of people get killed and it’s really fun to watch.The slowest slow-burn in all of cinema. Maybe too slow? I do wonder if the length was an issue, because this was the first time I’ve nearly fallen asleep while watching a movie, but that’s probably because of my old age.Pacino is terrifying and De Niro is unintentionally hilarious. What more could you ask for?…the first one is better. 
5730 now, do I watch 3 or no? 
5731  The epic continuation of the Corleone family sees a young Vito Corleone fleeing Sicily after the killing of his parents and his arrival to Ellis Island and his rise to power on the streets of New York.  While decades later Michael Corleone tightens his grip on the organized crime syndicate.  At  three hours plus this is commitment to get though as it could easily have been made into two separate movies.  But you always feel like you’re watching something special.…  
5732 Al Pacino😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘😘Robert De Niro😘😘😘😘😘😘 it’s a great nightHARRY DEAN STANTONMfs will go on about their military service in WWII before committing perjury in relation to murder. 
5733 michael corleone o nepo baby que quase deu certo 
5734 Like the first one, a really well made film with an interesting story and amazing on a production level. And I don’t really have much to else to say and I wish I did. I didn’t always follow the specifics of what was happening in their business language. I like the first two, but I did feel underwhelmed a tiny bit. Again lots of positives, but it’s mostly plot so spoilers.I will hopefully not take over a year to watch the next one 
5735  A fantastic sequel, one of the greats! I know some prefer this over the first but I gotta say some bits in this really didn’t work for me. Such as Vito’s storyline, now I understand why it’s in there, to make what Michael is doing harder to watch as he destroys what his father took his entire life to build after losing it all. But it just never really grabbed me, I wasn’t as into it as the rest of…  
5736 Who tf eats an orange like that 😟 
5737  The Godfather part-2 : Francis Ford Coppola behind the camera; Al Pacino, Robert De Niro, John Cazale, Robert Duvall, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Gastone Moschin and a lot of other magnificent performances in a great cast; the amazing cinematography by Gordon Willis, music by Nino Rota and what else can I say? It's a Masterpiece, the best sequel of all time, we see Michael Corleone fall in the Godfather shoes and we also see the rise of a young Vito…  
5738  شاهدت الفلم الاول قبل فتره طويله جداً واعتبره واحد من اعظم الافلام في تاريخ السينما بس قلت بنفسي اني ما احتاج جزء ثاني وما اهتميت بقصة فيتو كارليوني وكيف نشأته ولا اهتميت بما سيحصل ل مايكل كارليونيلكن جاء اليوم الي حرفياً out of nowhere شفت العراب الثاني وكان اجمل قرار صراحة، ماتوقعت ولا واحد بالمية اني راح اشوف فلم زي كذا مع ان التقاييم عاليه لكن قلت ماراح يوصل لمستوى الاول بس الان اقدر اقول وبدون اي تردد العراب…  
5739 An even more boring version of the same thing, once again cleared by the Paul Blart Mall Cop Franchise. 
5740 Watching the trilogy everyone in my family watched except for me...part llI heard a lot of people say that this movie beats the original Godfather , but I have to disagree...It's pretty great ,but it tries to do so much with its story and it can't handle everything right all the time. 
5741 8.3/10the first one is infinitely better and always will be. can see myself rewatching it many times but with this, don’t think i’ll rewatch any time soon. 
5742 Mi familia es igual de tóxica que los Corleone pero sin ser mafiosos. 
5743 Blah blah blah End of reviewRest In Peace James Caan 
5744 vito y michael corleone I'M LOOKING AT YOU RESPECTFULLY!!! es que pueden matarme si quisieran q yo feliz,,, q hombres dios mío.esta película no es tan buena como la primera pero logró entretenerme más q la anterior jsjs, no pude levantarme de la silla en las 3 horas y media q dura esto 
5745 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  You can’t lose your family.Say goodbye, Michael.  
5746  Can’t believe I got on the internet and acted like it was crazy to say GODFATHER PART II> GODFATHER. While I still BARELY prefer part one, the sequel is, I’d say, certainly better. “I know it was you Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart.” is, like, one of the best moments in any film ever. And then the latter scene with Fredo confessing to Michael happens and it’s just so devastating. And THEN the blow-up with Kay…  
5747  Fantastic, clever, and overflowing with talent, this movie reminds the viewer why they loved The Godfather, although it is not better than it (but that begs the question: could anything be?) That being said, both parts work like the Kill Bill volumes in that the story they each tell work together to enrich each. There is nothing it attempts to do that it doesn’t soar at, and there is enough material between the two parts for a lifetime of lessons about…  
5748 not as good as the original imo, but i can see its qualities.the vito corleone’s origin arch with the amazing robert de niro was way better and more interesting than michael’s downfall (which i loved to see). 
5749  English part belowIm Gegensatz zu Teil 1 zieht mich Part 2 einfach nicht so in den Bann. Die komplette erste Stunde langweilt mich regelrecht und ich verstehe nicht so richtig warum man die Prequelsequenzen braucht.Als man dann in Havanna zieht es endlich etwas an, aber an das perfekte Konstrukt welches mir bekannt war hatte das nichts mehr zu tun. Am Ende ist er mir dann zu sprunghaft.So bleibt ein handwerklich meisterhaftes Epos, welches mich inhaltlich jedoch einfach…  
5750  Oh, so that's why everybody says that this is the greatest movie ever made. I can buy into that now.This is the perfect kind of sequel, one that reinforces the themes of the first movie at such a high level that it retroactively makes an already-great film even better. The Godfather Part II builds perfectly on the generational conflict within the Corleone Family, as Michael grows to become the living antonym of his father's legacy. Getting a glimpse at…  
5751  I always stuck to my guns that The Godfather was better than Part II, but after rewatching again now I have to finally admit defeat.  Michael’s powerfully tragic fall from youthful idealist into a paranoid, bitter recluse paralleled with his father’s rise to power while still remaining an honourable man is just too good, and watching Vito’s dreams for a better life for his family come to nothing in the end is so bleak.  Pacino and De Niro are great, along with…  
5752 People complain about long movies these days but really the problem is everyone forgot the part where you have to make them good. This is almost three-and-a-half hours and I wouldn't cut a minute. 
5753 Really good but was expecting a ten oh wellStill really good though and I’m kinda in aw that this film exists like how many big kino films have sequels especially these days and let alone them be good the editing and al Pacino are obviously the standouts but everything is really good overall if it had a better colour pallet it would be a ten 
5754  If the tragedy of  The Godfather  was the loss of favorite son Michael's soul, who was once seen as the last best hope for a legitimate future, then the tragedy of its sequel is for the entire Corleone enterprise, for the actual familial unit that shares its name with the criminal empire. The first film showed us how there was no demarcation between the Corleone family - Vito and his wife and sons and daughters - and the criminal organization…  
5755 Are we all going to sit here and pretend that Michael didn’t eat that orange like a complete psycho? I don’t know why I never noticed that before. 
5756 i judge al pacino movies based on how much they make my pussy throb. 5 stars straight away 
5757  “I don’t feel I have to wipe out everyone, just my enemies.”a Mecca of pure brilliance by the hand of legend Francis Ford Coppola, The Godfather part II is everlasting proof that the sequel can outdo the original with performances from massive names like DeNiro and Pacino - carrying a three hour film like it’s nothing. It finds a way to do a lot of what’s in the original without feeling repetitive yet building on top of that at…  
5758 gorgeous dad gorgeous son 
5759 No wonder teenage me didn't like this. Like its predecessor, this film doesn't put the pieces together for you. And unlike something like, say, Fury Road, it didn't have the bombast to keep my attention. Of course, I now see the error of my ways. Anyways this film owns. 9/10 with an 10/10 ending. 
5760 Incredible, but not quite The Godfather. The stuff with Michael was just so much more entertaining but I do understand the importance of the Vito comparison. 
5761 The Godfather: Here We Go Again.Why did no one tell me about young Robert De Niro in this? Mamma mia. Wanted more young Vito for sure. 
5762 Another perfect Godfather movie. There are less iconic scenes in this one than in the first one but the scenes are perfect nonetheless. Robert DeNiro is amazing as a young Vito and it is great to learn more about Vito's young years. 
5763  I am once again fucking up my sleep schedule with an exam due in less than one day to watch The Godfather 🔨🔨‼️ Time well spent, fuck it, a good all nighter never hurt anyone !! Love this film, as many do, for the Bobby we get to see, impeccable and totally enthralling anytime he is on screen. Although, Pacino and the ‘current’ events we see are still interesting but there is a new side and story we are seeing so…  
5764 First time watching this with the knowledge of Al Pacino’s Shrek phone case. Total game changer. 
5765  I feel like I prefer The Godfather more than it’s sequel Part 2. It’s not that it’s even missing anything, in fact Coppola creates another masterpiece, a second part to a fascinating dynamic of Americanism powered centred around a family. Although missing Brando Al Pacino again has a stunning performance, so much emotion in the face and eyes as evil corrupts, pieces fall. I found De Niro’s story a little lacking at first but it truly hits its places in…  
5766  The Godfather: Part II is similar to its predecessor but takes some calculated risks that are very interesting and make this film just fly by even with its long runtime. Here, we still see 2 stories: Michael's and Vito's, thought this time Vito's are scenes from the past. And it's this constant comparison of the now and then that makes The Godfather: Part II so good. On one hand, we see Vito being a 'family man' and we cut to…  
5767 best sequel ever 
5768 Kay, you’ve been sitting in this bedroom for how long? Why haven’t you closed the drapes?!Best Scenes:Any Michael + Fredo SceneVito and the LandlordPentangeli & Michael at the Senate Committee Kay and Michael 😭De Niro delivered as Vito. Probably a hot take, but I liked Pacino’s performance in Pt. I more!While I didn’t love the Cuba/Roth stuff a ton, the final 45 mins of the movie is the chef’s kiss.Just as beautiful as pt. I. Can’t wait to be disappointed by pt. III 👍 
5769  “I don’t feel I have to wipe everyone out, Tom. Just my enemies, that’s all.” - Michael CorleoneIt’s stands with its predecessor as a phenomenal movie.The performances are still unbelievably amazing. Al Pancio is just perfect. You can feel the pressure building in him when he argues with Kay. In that fight, you see both of their points. Really, it’s incredible. Robert DeNiro is fantastic as young Vito. And once again, everyone was so interesting, I made it…  
5770  I see 'The Godfather' as two parts. Without one the other tells only half a story; and it makes sense because not only both films were based on the novel of the same name by Mario Puzo, but they are known as one of the greatest films of all time. As much as I love the first part, the second is slightly better. While Part I has a more consistent pace, Part II double downs on what works before. The…  
5771  “The Godfather 2” follows on from the first film “ The Godfather” with a sequel set in two distinct eras. As Michael ( Al Pacino ) takes control of the family and family business interests in the 1940’s and 1950’s,  his father, Vito ( Robert De Niro ) a young Sicilian immigrant is trying to establish himself in the land of opportunity during the early 1900’s. What ensues is a Francis Ford Coppola masterpiece that is both a prequel and sequel…  
5772  I was afraid of this because I didn't love the first part and this one is even longer, but I was also looking forward to it because I knew it was not only a sequel but also a prequel at the same time that tells Vito Corleone's backstory in flashbacks, and those parts were so good that I actually liked it better. The sequel parts were way too long and just as relatively uninteresting to me as I expected, but…  
5773 Three and a half hours, didn’t get up from my seat once. Perhaps the greatest sequel/prequel of all time, carries over all that worked about the original while adding its own plot and identity. So many powerful moments that are immortalised in cinema history. The Godfather films are such profound works of art, perhaps cinema’s greatest achievement in the same way The Sopranos is American television’s greatest achievement. Both works analyse what it means to live in America through wholly unique emotional experiences, family being a key part of the puzzle as well as crime. May their legacy live on. 
5774 The best movie of all time. If there were a way to give it 6 stars I would. 
5775 "I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart." - me after an undercooked fettuccine alfredo dinner upsets my stomach 
5776 Finally got to watch this movie. It's shocking how well paced it is being over three hours long. One thing that stood out as I watched this was how good the family dynamic is. It’s not really a crime movie, it's a family drama. It’s very sad and moving in that way. 
5777 Upon first viewing The Godfather 1 and 2, I recall preferring the first to the second but now that I’ve rewatched both in cinema, I prefer part 2 a lot more. Everything that felt a little off in part 1 feels complete here, and I felt even more invested this time around, taking in the emotional blows that are portrayed. There’s a reason these films are considered classics - they’re the epitome of cinematic class and brilliance that have managed had such a big cultural impact too.Hope you’re all doing well! :) 
5778 The godfather 2 is, in many ways, a sequel to the godfather 
5779 Perfect 
5780 Best. Night. Ever 
5781 Yeah, I'm team "Part 1" 
5782 It’s so hard to find a good assassin these days (for legal reasons this is a joke) 
5783 “Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”This film is pure art. I absolutely loved it, the acting was so good as well. 
5784 I liked the first one more but this one was actually really good, too. I also think this is now one of the longest films I’ve ever watched, if not the longest, but it being so long certainly didn’t get in the way. Honestly, this movie is great and it is filled with stunning performances from the whole cast. 
5785  Francis Ford Coppola(english/deutsch)In the continuing saga of the Corleone crime family, a young Vito Corleone grows up in Sicily and in 1910s New York. In the 1950s, Michael Corleone attempts to expand the family business into Las Vegas, Hollywood and Cuba. Drawing on strong performances by Al Pacino and Robert De Niro, Francis Ford Coppola's continuation of Mario Puzo's Mafia saga set new standards for sequels that have yet to be matched or broken.Der Pate II ist…  
5786 2nd best film of ALL TIME after The Godfather 1 
5787 masterpieceenjoyed the first one a bit more though 
5788 It's good to see other low budget, up and coming directors take inspiration from Paul Blart: Mall Cop but i would like to see more creative input as i felt it's too similar to Zookeeper or more accurately, Grown Ups 2. Love the homemade vibe tho. 
5789 A great divorce, prequel, AND Lake Tahoe movie! 
5790 Finishing 2021 right 
5791  Like i said in Yesterday's Review of The Godfather (1972). Considered by Historians and Critics as One of the Best films Ever Made, so Good that it Became the Highest Grossing Film in 1972, With Tons of Oscar Nominations and Winners. It was Obviously that a Sequel was Coming so then it Came about in 1974 As "The Godfather Part 2". So Is The Godfather Part 2 One of Those Sequels That are Better Than the Original? Many people up…  
5792  Origin stories have drowned out the originality of the big-budget feature. Nowadays, everything, whether it is a supporting riff from an old legend or a leading role of an established franchise, needs an origin story. Before it was hip and resourceful to do so, though, The Godfather II took a portion of the Mario Puzo book, The Godfather, and siphoned it off into a sequel. While it may open with a mother’s love for her young boy and the lengths she will go to…  
5793 This is the exception to the rule that all sequels are bad. This movie is just flawless 
5794 Lesson learned: don’t trust your memory of when you saw this as a late teenager. 4.5? What the hell, Chris…The parallel stories of Vito developing his empire through building a family with Michael maintaining the empire while destroying his family is nothing short of genius.And Al Pacino… considering how “Pacino” he could be later in his career, his restraint shown here is just remarkable. A brilliant performance - and DeNiro, Cavale, Gazzo, Keaton, and the rest rise to the occasion, too.I think I prefer G1, but The Godfather Part II is yet another American masterpiece of the 1970s.Rating increase (duh): 4.5 —> 5 
5795  The older I get, the more I have grown to dislike Michael Corleone. We witnessed his fall from grace in Part 1 and part 2 is all about the repercussions and the cost of maintaining power as an Italian mobster in America. Running parallel to Michael's decent into the Underworld, we witness his father, Vito Corleone, in his youth back in Italy and discover the origins of The Godfather's criminal organization. I really enjoy the Vito sequences, Robert De Niro…  
5796 michael corleones worst act was biting into an orange with the skin on 
5797 al pacino could play mario but chris pratt couldn’t play michael corleone 
5798 I don’t know what shit I was on when I rated this 3 1/2 
5799 the fact that there was a literal intermission half way through this film shows that it was way too long 
5800 I love part one but this is just better in nearly every way 
5801 The rare sequel that imo is every bit as good as the first.Absolutely recommend. 
5802 Double featured this and part one today. It's amazing the adrenaline rush that part one gives you, the thrill of realizing the extent of Michael's fall, the physical shutting out of his family foreshadowing its fracture. Part two on the other hand is completely deflating. On this watch, I noticed even more the amount of time Michael spends alone as the film progresses. He starts surrounded by people, brightly lit, the very image of power and influence. By the end, he is all alone, in the dark, and hunched over, defeated. 
5803  Die Perfekte Fortsetzung des Original Klassikers von Francis Ford Coppala. Da sie zum einen nicht nur die Geschichte vom neuen Don Micheal fortführt, sondern die Backstory von Don Vito beleuchtet. Somit haben wir nicht nur ein reines Sequel sondern ein Sequel/Prequel. Vito Corleone wird diesen mal von Robert De Niro gespielt und das auch sehr gut. Er ist zwar einer meiner Lieblingsschauspieler, trotzdem kommt er nicht an Marlon Brando ran. Al Pacino spielt hier Performance seines Lebens. Wer meine Reviews…  
5804 "إجعل أصدقاءك قريبين منك، لكن أجعل أعداءك قريبين أكثر." 
5805 Francis you son of a bitch 
5806 I cannot express how happy I am that I love this. I never thought in a million years that I’d prefer this to the first but this might actually be the case. 
5807 There are very few movies ever that give you chills on every rewatch and make you feel the same emotions you felt the first time you experienced the movie. This is one of them. The way Michael's plummet into darkness and vengeance is paralleled with his father's ascension into power is so masterful that it’s hard to comprehend such an achievement. It never gets old. The performances never get old. Pacino yelling loud as fuck out of nowhere never gets old. 
5808 I thought it was much better than the first! But maybe my taste has changed? I want to rewatch part 1 now, but knowing me, I’ll never get around to a 3 hr rewatch in this lifetime 
5809 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   A worthy sequel to an all-time classic, The Godfather Part II is a detailed study into the contrast between the virtues and values of Vito Corleone and the flaws and failings of Michael Corleone.The direct references to the first film, in both the opening scenes of the Don taking visitors at a family function and the closing scenes of loose ends being tied up by way of intimidation and murder, was a simple but effective touch. Is Coppola trying…   
5810 i think i do like the first one a bit more than this one but this is an amazing sequel like holy shit, everything about it is great, both al pacino and robert de niro’s performances are so good and just the writing and story to this is amazing such a powerful film, perfect classic 
5811  I've always maintained that while The Godfather is an unimpeachable masterpiece and the most re-watchable of the trilogy, The Godfather: Part II is the better film. In an attempt to reconcile those two almost contradictory statements, we sat down and watched the longest and most complex of the trilogy today.Incorporating elements of Mario Puzo's original novel that were left out of the first film, primarily the backstory of Vito coming to America, it presents its second great quasi-contradiction: it's…  
5812 not terrible 
5813  Month of Sinister SequelsMore than a film this is a step by step playbook on acting! I have been watching this 3 and a half hour mafia epic since I was a kid, and just like Hyman Roth’s cake, this film is as tantalising as ever. Secondary to Al Pacino is John Cazale who bares his heart and soul in one of the best scenes of delivered dialogue on screen. The calculated lord of capital and death that Michael Corleone has…  
5814  man this is the best movie ever made. this time I really noticed how Michael only loses his composure twice in the entire film, and in the two most pivotal scenes. I think it really shows how those two moments deeply affect him. also, from the Cuba scene to the end of the movie, it is genuinely impossible to look away. It is a lot slower than the part I at first, but I think the film makes it feel…  
5815 Not as same level as the first one. But still magnificent. 
5816 I expected nothing less from the sequel. 
5817 I’m going to keep it short…- Cinematic masterpiece- do I think it’s better than the first one? No I don’t- it is close though, since Daddy De Niro is in this one- obviously a fucking classic and an amazing movie 
5818 Easily one of the best sequels of all time. Everything is so damn good in it and there is no quality drop off from the first. 
5819 Wow, I am speechlessJust like Part 1, I feel like it doesn't matter what I say about this film, because chances are, it has been saidMaybe I need to rewatch it before I make a final opinion 
5820 Finally I watched this film.. Its great I enjoyed every second de niro is on the screen everyone else idk.last hour of the film is straight up boring and not interesting only moment I was glued was de niro's part.I didnt like the pacing in the first one, this one was a bit better but still ......good movie bye. May Ranked 
5821 "the witnesses testified that you are personally responsible for the murder of an NYPD police captain in 1947 and with him a man named virgil sollozzo. is it true that in the year 1950 you devised the murder of the heads of the so called '5 families' in new york to assume and consolidate your nefarious power?" YES HE DID AND HE DID GREAT GO MICHAEL! 
5822  Maybe the offer he couldn’t refuse was the friends we made along the way!?It’s somewhere between a 9.5 and 10, god I’m so indecisive.I’ve been sitting on this rating for over a month now it’s just so hard for me to comprehend. On one level, this film is an absolute masterpiece with performances that make its predecessor seem like child’s play. I’m pretty sure Al Pacino as Michael Corleone could maybe be like my favourite performance ever now which…  
5823 Güç Seviyeleri ;Thor %30Odin %50Eldivenli Thanos %80Çocuğuna Kürtaj Yapıldığını Öğrenen Michael Corleone %100 
5824 how come they had a robert duvall shaped wig made for the flashback and they couldn’t let him keep it on for the rest of the movie I can’t believe they let tom hagen the character go bald im pissed 
5825 The perfect continuation 🙌 
5826 Harika bir film keşfettim. Herkese tavsiye ederim. 
5827 i guess al pacino gives a great performance or whatever... not as good as in jack and jill (2011) but it is very close≡ cult of personality 2021 ≡↳ marianna hill 
5828 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  top 10 bag fumbles of all time  
5829 this is the paddington 2 of mafia movies 
5830 the easiest 3 hours and im just stunned by how good this film is, literally deserves every praise it gets. 
5831 officially better than part 1 for me. peak cinematic perfection, nothing else to say. 
5832 Apollonia deserved better. No disrespect to Kay but I know Apollonia could take her in a fight so easily. I feel it in my bones 
5833 i think i liked part 1 more but still 9/10 
5834 Son raros los casos donde la secuela sobrepasa la primera y este es uno de ellos. Al Pacino y De Niro como el joven Vito están perfectos en esta película. Excelentes actuaciones. —————————————————————————Cases where the sequel surpasses the first are rare and this is one of them. Al Pacino and De Niro as young Vito are perfect in this movie. Excellent performances. 
5835 YALL DONT UNDERSTAND HOW MUCH THIS MOVIE MEANS TO ME 
5836 This movie goes on for so long that I was able to bite all my finger nails off and have them re-grow before the movie ended(BTW I prefer part 1, Sorry not Sorry) 
5837  To my mind, this is one of those rare sequels that not only manages to outdo the original, but it manages to retroactively make the original better.I know this movie has been talked about to death by literally everyone and their mother at this point, but if there's one thing that made this film stand apart from the original it was it's use of juxtaposition between Vito's upbringing and Michael's downfall. These narratives run completely parallel to one another…  
5838 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  the academy managed to rob al pacino here more than the characters in ocean’s 13, smhabsolutely masterpiece, almost as good as the first one, the difference is that here didn’t had the og godfather, brando.pov: both john cazale and michael v.gazzo putted a better performance than de niro (he was still great tho) in this 🤷‍♂️  
5839 What more could al pacino have done to win an oscar for this?? I havent seen harry and tonto but theres simply no way art carney was better than him. Simply put, this is not only al pacino’s greatest feat, but one of acting as a whole’s greatest featsAlso my mom wouldn’t shut up and kept asking questions the whole way through like damn im watching this for the first time too 
5840 يييخرب بيت الجاذبيه على الفخامه على الهيبه على مايك بكبره 🐏🏳️ 
5841 i will forever be infuriated that al never won an oscar for his role as michael corleone 
5842 Really, really really brilliant. All the greatest things you can say about a film, this one deserves. The first one is much more fun - this one made me more profoundly sad tonight while watching than it ever had before - but Part II is certainly the more astounding piece of work.“Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”Mesmerizing. Makes 3.5 hours pass like 25 minutes. It’s all about what you do out of hate, versus what you do out of love. Simply great. 
5843 i want to party in tahoe with my family so fucking bad 
5844 I wish I could give this one more star than the five stars I gave the first Godfather movie which is near perfect. This one is more perfecter. Fucking Fredo! 
5845 perhaps this is unpopular but i preferred part I to part II, don’t have much to say everything has already been said about these films we know.except the italian SUCKS even more this time they really said “we are going to do whole conversations🤪” but had no idea of what italian sounded like, kinda offended??? 
5846 "Fuck you my child is completely fine" your child literally watch The Godfather Part II for the tenth time instead of going to therapy 
5847  If you want further proof that The Godfather: Part II is a long movie, it is the only entry in the trilogy to have two discs in my DVD boxset collection. It's an event, and a lot is going on as it splits between the past and present between the rise of Vito Corleone after arriving in America as an immigrant, as well as Michael living up and honoring his father's legacy.The back-and-forth, non-linear narrative actually works here, as…  
5848 Better than the original? In my middle age I'm coming around to believing it just may be. To think that Coppola made this and The Conversation in the same year. Fucking hell. 
5849  Ce que j’aime bcp au delà du fait que c’est un chef d’œuvre c’est cette ironie tragique que dégage le film. Le fait de voir Michael devenir de plus en plus puissant mais paradoxalement perdre peu a peu tous ses proches pour s’enfoncer dans la solitude la plus totale, y’a quelque chose d’assez sarcastique. L’un des hommes les plus puissants d’Amerique n’arrive même pas à contrôler sa propre famille. L’exemple le plus marquant de cette absence de contrôle c’est lorsque…  
5850 The dog stays.Anyway, I think everyone should read Eve Babitz’s essay on the making of this. One of the most fun movie journalism pieces I’ve ever read. 
5851 What an amazing film! I think I might have enjoyed this even more than the first one, that might be because I was already into the story though!Al Pacino gives an absolutely mesmerising performance, it’s definitely up there with the best performances ever.And that scene with Fredo on the boat was incredibly sad. Robert De Niro was really good too, I was surprised all of his stuff was in Italian but he was still amazing!Not sure whether to be excited for part 3 or not, I’ll have to wait and see! 
5852 How do you make olive oil. That's my Godfather Pt. II. Where are the olives keeping their oil and why does olive oil taste good but olives taste bad. Robert De Niro olive oil movie when 
5853 The Corleones, Part IIA more extended and elaborate feature but it's as great as the first movie, at the end both are cut from the same story and concept but in fact seeing this Part II as prequel and sequel gives a lot more sense and impact to the Corleone saga. I love it! 
5854 Definitely enjoyed this more than the first Godfather. A runtime of more than 3 hours but it flew by thanks to it's great pacing. Al Pacino was A+ in this sequel but I really wanted to see more of De Niro, he was brilliant in the short time he had on screen and I wish he even had his own prequel film. 
5855 Que sublime todo. 
5856 could have watched shiva baby 2.623 times 
5857  „Der Pate: Teil 2“ schafft das schier unmögliche und steht dem qualitativ brillanten Erstling in nichts nach. Dabei profitiert der Vorgänger sogar noch, da die Figuren durch die zwei verschiedenen und zeitlich voneinander getrennten Handlungssträngen wesentlich an Tiefe und Schattierungen gewinnen. Dies wirkt sich auch positiv auf die Glaubwürdigkeit der Familiengeschichte aus, so dass das Ganze der Corleone-Saga noch mehr Epik verleiht. Neben der abermals großartigen Inszenierung von Francis Ford Coppola und der meisterhaften Ausstattung, ist vor allem wieder die grandiose…  
5858 Keeping Up with the Corleones: The West Coast Years 
5859  From the opening seconds you know something is different. This is no ordinary "great" movie but really a once in a lifetime sort of masterpiece.Watching idealism descend into capitalism before your very eyes. The contrasting lives of a man who conquers the world for his family, and his son who trades his family for the world. Family isn't an abstract idea, it's the people around us. It's literal, tangible. It's made so much more rich by Coppola's strong connection…  
5860 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   How do you decide what your favorite movie is? This is most definitely a rhetorical question, and there is no way that I could possibly answer it. When you love a movie, you just feel it in your bones. You could rewatch it immediately. You become completely absorbed by the movie, and nothing can interrupt you. But you don’t necessarily know exactly why…That is why it has always felt so daunting to write about my two favorite movies of…   
5861 Did you go to college to get stupid? You're really stupid 
5862  Keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.The Godfather Part II é uma das continuações mais celebradas da história do cinema, tendo muitos fãs que consideram inclusive melhor que o filme original.Tudo que o primeiro filme tinha de bom esse também tem. A fotografia de Gordon Willis continua muito bela e parece bem mais pesada que no filme original, a trilha sonora do Nino Rota continua excelente (detalhe que não comentei na primeira review, não me perdoei até…  
5863 Yeah, I mean it's great. A technical marvel. Gordon Willis and Walter Murch do revolutionary work. Murch changed sound mixing forever during his collaborations with Coppola.Great acting and writing. At once restrained and subtle, yet epic in scope. I really loved the De Niro flashbacks. Definitely the highlight of the film for me and poignant parallels to the present day storyline of Michael. And rarely bored me during its insane 200-minute runtime. 
5864 The family is more fragile than before 
5865 I just really don’t think Part II is better than the original, even though it’s still a pretty stunning achievement. But even though I have my issues with it and I’d be fine if it was never made, the entire thing is worth it for 1) John Cazale’s delivery of “I’m SMAHT!”2) Don Ciccio getting stabbed upThose two moments are worth the other 200 some odd minutes 
5866  I can say that I did prefer Part 1 over this, but it's undeniable that this is nonetheless a brilliant film. Especially the last hour, which I think really hits you hard emotionally. The film is powerful, but lacks something I can't put my finger on which the first film had. Perhaps it's the lack of Marlon Brando's Vito Corleone, but then again I did really enjoy watching Robert De Niro's portrayal of a young Vito Corleone, which made for…  
5867 i know im gonna get hate for this but this was way better than the first one. it caught me by surprise because i seriously thought I wasn’t gonna like it. btw al pacino you’re so hot bye 
5868 sexiest film ever 
5869  Naturally, by its own right The Godfather Part II is well-deserving of its place amongst cinemas all-time greatest. As a sequel, it's even more impressive in that Coppola was able to recapture the exact aesthetic of its predecessor, visually and tonally, without succumbing to the pressures of trying to go bigger, and better. Sure certain characters have evolved, but accordingly so. Although narratively this instalment lacks the depth of the first film, there's far more substance. The pacing’s faster and…  
5870 I'll never know what happened during the 11 minutes when I fell asleep, and i'm really okay with that 
5871 My sister said Robert De Niro looks like Spiderus from Miss Spiders Sunny Patch Friends. I will no longer be speaking to her 
5872 What is there left to say that about this masterpiece? It breathes and bleeds with the utmost confidence by Coppola and company. Again, the performances are what make these films so legendary. The final shot will remain one of the most haunting yet cathartic scenes in film history as the audience is led to believe that all is well for Micheal Corleone. Such a wonderful film. American cinema at its finest.Happy Thanksgiving 🦃 
5873  this movie is so long eventually it stops being a movie and just becomes a tone poem. you switch timelines and the one you were just in ceases to exist. it rains, it snows, everything is cold even in cuba. deniro floats in and out of his brando mumble. pacino ruins all his relationships and lies to himself and others about his character. fredo is there and he’s pathetic but you love him. you try and decide if hyman roth…  
5874 I’m not sure if it’s because I knew what was coming a lot of the time (because of pop culture and me, not the script), or because I was still reeling from the first film: but I’ll probably be rewatching both of these movies in the next few days. Also, I’m still reeling. And I really want to re-watch The Sopranos. 
5875 Somewhere towards the end, I felt a bit lost. In the first part, there was a difference between Don Vito and Don Michael. Vito had a strong aura of power. It radiated from him. Michael however knew that he was powerful. He didn't have to show it by any means. That's why I love Pacino. With what he did to Michael. And I'm glad that Bob reflected something similar with his role in the flashbacks. 
5876 A cinema perfection. 
5877  AFI Top 100: #32It would seem to anyone in their right mind that a sequel to one of the greatest films of the 20th-century would not be so good of an idea. However, Francis Ford Coppola wasted no time diving right back into the story of the Corleone crime family and in nearly flawless ways, might I add. The Godfather: Part II is a remarkable film that continues on the story paved out in its predecessor in ways that…  
5878 Kaum zu glauben, dass ein Meisterwerk wie der Pate eine Fortsetzungen bekommen kann, die nochmals besser ist als das Original. Vor allem die Rolle des jungen Vito ist De Niro wie auf den Leib geschneidert. Ihm beim Schauspielern in dieser Rolle zuzusehen wäre auch nach Stunden nicht langweilig geworden.Coppola ist mit den beiden Der Pate Teilen ein Wunder passiert, dass in der Filmgeschichte einmalig ist. 
5879  The Godfather: Part II was yet another classic movie that I knew I had to watch if I wanted to call myself a cinephile. At the time of writing this, I only just saw the first one barely under a week ago. While I definitely liked that one better, this movie was incredible in its own right. I was very impressed with The Godfather: Part II. The writing was great. So many lines from this film are nothing short of…  
5880  "I'll change. I've learned that I have the strength to change."An expansive and thematically rich follow-up that is every bit as good as the first film, if not better. Pacino shines; always on the verge of another migraine, chain-smoking his way through almost every scene with a presence as magnetic as it is frightening. Whatever was left of Michael Corleone's soul at the close of the first film has been lost by the time we rejoin him here. The…  
5881 Michael Corleone  🤝 Transformers 3 Always on the dark side of the room/moon  
5882  Finally got around to watching this one and it definitely was spectacular to say the least.In some regard, I felt the same way I did about the first film: some of the first and second act were a bit slow (but I was still pretty entertained and it was still very well done even if I felt drag), but was saved but a phenomenal third act that makes you realize how fantastic the first two acts really are. It…  
5883 robert de niro as don corleone tho..... obviously that inhibits me from giving this less than 4 stars 
5884 One of the best sequels ever made 
5885 Ok wow that was amazing. One of the main issues I had with part 1 was I found it near impossible to follow at times, but I didn't really find that the case at all with part 2. It's incredible how Coppola was able to thematically link two separate narratives within one film. I can really see why it's considered a masterpiece 
5886  "I don't feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies."I remember always preferring the second film to the first, but after watching them back to back, I really can't pick which one is better because they are both so damn good. With this film we see the Corleone family being targeted and Don Michael is out for blood. In between we get flashbacks to young Vito Corleone as he rises to the top. This film has…  
5887 🍐 
5888 Not nearly as focused and purposeful as the first movie (which I have nothing to say about That hasn’t already been said, movie is good). But it is definitely a worthy extension, not sure if I want to watch the third movie though... 
5889  “I don’t feel I have to wipe everybody out, Tom. Just my enemies.”This isn’t a good sequel, it’s not a great sequel. It’s a WORTHY sequel. The intertextuality is off the charts. It takes everything that made the first film great, and builds upon it. The story is broadened, it's more complex, and more ambitious. It’s expanded to the point where it feels real and raw. The world building is immaculate. In spite of the runtime the momentum this…  
5890  Ah, the crime drama genre, probably the most prestigious Hollywood genre, and one of my least beloved.Thankfully, The Godfather is the exception to the rule, because it understands that the ONLY way to make a crime drama truly resonant is to have the main character get gradually sucked into it from the outside. If the character is embroiled in organized crime from the outset (Goodfellas, Scarface) that inevitably puts a wedge between him and the audience.That being said,…  
5891  I think I've always sort of admired and respected The Godfather films more than I love them. This was my first go-around with this one in a long time, and this viewing confirmed that I do prefer the first film (if only for its compact, almost theatrical perfection), but this is a huge, sprawling opera of a film. The moment in the beginning after nine-year-old Vito arrives on Ellis Island and Coppola transitions from him singing "U Scicareddu Sicilianu" into…  
5892 al pacino robert de niro let's freak it 
5893 Hours of Godfather watched: 6 1/2Italian hand gestures made: 0What was the point of this franchise? Many hand gestures needed in Part 3 to make up for it 
5894 Сиквел, конечно, безупречный вышел. Никак не подкопаться: великое кино о мести, семье и власти (и это, кто бы сомневался, ещё не всё), что, на самом деле, ощущается более эмоциональным в сравнении с оригиналом.  Предыстория Вито великолепная во многом благодаря гениальному Де Ниро (от этих прыжков по крыше не оторваться), да и драма Майкла (какой же Пачино потрясающий) в настоящем, теряющего драгоценную семейную связь взамен власти, сильнейшая с абсолютно завораживающей концовкой. Не успеваешь моргнуть, как уже три с лихвой часа пролетели - ну, с подобным фильмом это и неудивительно. 
5895  This is obviously coming as no surprise to anyone, but The Godfather: Part II is possibly the best sequel ever made. There are other sequels I like more, but if we’re judging purely on how it stands compared to the original and what it had to live up to, then this is without a doubt the greatest sequel ever made. It expands and continues the story of the first film in such a natural, enriching and substantial yet extremely effective…  
5896  "If anything in this life is certain, if history has taught us anything, it is that you can kill anyone."Coppola's epic crime drama is really at its best here. The constant contrast between the rise and fall of this family, this empire. Seeing Michael descend in to his own immorality as he rides the path to becoming what he once feared most. The family which was a proud symbol of the 'American dream' now seems like only but a…  
5897 this should be 6 hours longer (do not @ me about godfather 3) and all of those hours should be vito going to the theater in 1910s nyc more !!!!!!!!!!! PLEASE al pacino in a camel scarf ....... i’m THINKING 
5898  The people were right........ This movie really do be the best sequel doe 😳Absolutely loved this movie as much as the first one. It beautifully compliments The Godfather I imo. The story and the change of timelines was executed so well.Pacino? Amazing performance. Cazale? Freaking amazing, love that guy. Fredo is kinda dumb but I love him anyways. De Niro? Absolute king. Had to study how Brando acted in the first one and learn a whole ass dialect…  
5899  Although I liked the first Godfather better than this one, Michael Corleone is such a great character so it was nice to see have him as the focus this time; Al Pacino absolutely kills it. The whole Godfather series is so effective at capturing realism, it really feels like you're getting a glimpse into the traditional Italian lifestyle during every scene. The unnecessarily long run time hurts this movie for me, I know some love it but with the slow…  
5900 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Se fue a la mierda esta segunda parte con lo tremenda que es. Poder ver la historia de vito corleone con un robert de niro joven es de las cosas que más le agradezco a francis coppola. La familia y sus dinamicas estan tan bien hechas que el final de esta película te destruye. No aguanto para volver a verla. Al Pacino como michael corleone hace una actuación inolvidable.  
5901  I didn’t think it was possible, but I prefer this to the first one (although I think they are both incredible). It’s a lot of film to take in, but I loved it and can’t wait to rewatch it. It’s the perfect sequel and prequel, and both stories of it’s duel narrative are captivating. It’s looks amazing, with the lightbulb shot probably being one of my favourites. I love Al Pacino as Michael Corleone, and think his character is possibly…  
5902 i love how different this was from the first film, that it had showed more of who vito corleone was. his rise to power and the start of michael as the new don of the family. the ending through the last shot of al pacino gave me chills. the decision to have robert de niro play young vito was a great move as he nailed it here and i know it would have been pressuring to know that you are playing the role of an iconic character previously portrayed by a fantastic actor. it was a pure three-hour greatness. 
5903 us of italian descent be like 'this is my black panther'(waaaaaaay better than the first one btw) 
5904 İlk filmde olduğu gibi mükemmel bir akıcılık ve ortaya çıkan bir efsane film daha. Robert DeNiro ve Al Pacinoyu bir arada görünce insan zaten bi yükseliyor... 
5905 Great. Not as good as the first one, though. This worked really well as a prequel/sequel, contrasting Vito's rise with Michael's fall. It's fascinating. However, I was more invested in Vito's story than Michael's 
5906 “If anything in this word is certain, if history has taught us anything, it’s that you can kill anyone.”  ~ Micheal CorleoneFrancis Ford Coppola crafts a sequel to rival part. 1 that operates as a prequel as well. Giving context to Vito’s rise to power and motivation for Micheal’s. Every character is developed to a T and is used to maximize the impact of the ending. *spoilers* they are either snugly under Micheal’s rule or on the floor bleeding to death. Truly one of the best of all time. 
5907  *Insert any line from the movie*Alright, like I said with the first film, this is a masterpiece of cinema, and everyone knows that. I guess it‘s constantly being debated, which one of these two films is better. I myself prefer the first film. And to be even more honest, I would rewatch the first film and also Once Upon A Time In America before The Godfather Part II. This is still a huge and epic story, from every standpoint,…  
5908  This is the great American epic tragedy, and we'll probably never see anything quite like it again. An absolute miracle.Pacino's performance here is some Mount Rushmore stuff, up there with the best ever captured on film. It's astonishing the way he plays so much in reserve while still allowing the range of his work here to organically incorporate the rare instances when his emotions can't help but bubble up to the surface. It makes perfect sense to me that…  
5909 ★★★½ - 7 - really good / really likeI wish I could've loved this. I really enjoyed the scenes with Vito Corleone but I wasn't that interested in the rest. Ofc this movie is amazing on a technical level but I just couldn't keep me interested for it's really long runtime. 
5910  “...keep your friends close, but your enemies closer.”A fantastic follow up to The Godfather. The Godfather: Part II makes me love the first film even more; knowing the backstory of Vito and seeing Michael in action makes me appreciate the father-son aspect of the first film even more. Al Pacino delivers a career best performance here, he’s absolutely fantastic and steals every scene he’s in. Robert DeNiro is fantastic as well, and while this may not be my favorite performance…  
5911  The Godfather Part II is a 70s gangster sequel following the early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City which is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.The most well known sequel to achieve the better than the original achievement and having watched the two of them for the first time today, I completely agree. The Godfather Part II is not just the greatest sequel ever made,…  
5912 michael corleone: I’m bout to just start staring at motherfuckers       —    —       👁   👁          👃🏻    🚬👄 
5913  I enjoyed the flashback sequences with De Niro as a young Vito Corleone. However, the courtroom scenes which begin after the 2 hour mark are tedious and add to the already jumbled plot of this movie. Godfather II has too many subplots going on. Diane Keaton's performance in this is stale and disappointing. The miscarriage/abortion is evidently out of place in this movie- it contrasts horribly with the rest of the movie. Since when are the Godfather films supposed to…  
5914 I expected this to happen and it did. I liked Part 1 but this was something I couldn't fully get into. It felt quite tedious at times especially most Michael related stuffs and I definitely felt that runtime. Most prequel stuffs with Don Vito were good though and best part of this in my opinion. I totally admire the craft that went into making this and the performances were all very good again. I can see why it's a classic and rated so highly but it wasn't something for me. 
5915 e foi aqui que o Al Pacino INVENTOU a atuação 
5916 woah! this is a really good movie! who knew! 
5917 Fuck 
5918 I suppose it took me long enough 
5919 Вторая часть монументального полотна о возвеличивающей и разрушающей власти. Бесконечно долго можно рассыпаться в комплиментах Фрэнсису Форду Копполе, первоисточнику Марио Пьюзо, музыке Нино Роты и абсолютно потрясающим актерским работам Аль Пачино и Де Ниро. 
5920 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I know it was you, Fredo. You broke my heart. You broke my heart!  
5921 Although I do prefer the first one, The Godfather: Part II is an excellent sequel with two perfectly intertwined stories, unfolding the growth of Vito Corleone and expanding the themes of the first film.Francis Ford Coppola Ranked  
5922 Day 311IT’S A WHOLE NEW GAME, DUNKACCINO! 
5923 Not only does The Godfather 2 manage to disprove the idea of sequels never being better than the original easily by improving upon the first movie in every concieveable way, but it also manages to be one of, if not thee greatest movie of all time. The original Godfather is a near perfect, but The Godfather 2? From the storytelling to the acting to all the technical aspects IS a perfect movie. 
5924 THIS IS PERFECTION AKSNSMNAVQKAKKZMSNANSMSNSB 
5925 I was going to rate this five stars, but then people would say "oh, you enjoyed it then?" and I can't really say that. I appreciated it and I appreciated the amount of work that was put into it, but I found it excruciatingly painful to sit through it and to continue paying attention. Like the first film, it's really well made and the actors are great (special mention for Robert De Niro's Italian), but I found nothing in it that held my attention other than a few isolated scenes. I guess these films just really aren't for me. 
5926 After only watching the first one a few hours earlier, this creates the greatest 7 hour epic ever put to film. Not to mention it also gives us some of the best character development I've ever seen in a movie. 
5927 Obviously greater than the first. A gradual rise with a gradual fall. Coppola’s signature dissolves elegantly weave the narratives or a hard jumpcut to evoke the passage of time. Pacino and De Niro giving the two greatest performances ever. Pacino’s quiet menace, erupting with masterful control. De Niro just disappearing and making the role his own. Every twist and turn, all 200 minutes, just iconic. 
5928 Michael Corleone: I have done nothing wrong. Ever. In my life Me: I know this and I love you 
5929 El padrino 2 > El padrino 
5930 I wish more films would do the sequel and the prequel at the same time. Especially in this economy. 
5931  5.0/5.0 = MasterpieceWhat is there to say really about a pure, perfect film? Not much. Especially one that has had decade's worth of analysis written about it already. What I will say is this: It's pretty amazing that although APOCALYPSE NOW has the larger set pieces, THE GODFATHER: PART II still somehow feels like the bigger movie. The entire 200-minute experience feels like consuming four seasons worth of television. There isn't one singular goal. Not one immediate conflict. Instead,…  
5932 Yes x2 
5933 Okay...you're right...it is pretty much the greatest movie ever made. I finally see it, after all these years. 
5934  "We was like the Roman Empire. The Corleone family was like the Roman Empire.""Yeah, it was once." what went wrong? the movie feels off, like it's trying too hard to create another masterpiece and falls flat. it's unrewatchable and honestly feels like it's almost capable of tainting part one. almost. that one's still deserving of its first place 
5935 Has there ever been a better prequel/sequel hybrid? Probably not. 
5936 In preparation for this movie, my mom and I made spaghetti and meatballs 
5937 A distinctively well-paced and sumptuously plotted drama with unforgettable performances from Pacino and De Niro, "The Godfather Part II" is an objectively perfect sequel to the 1972 classic. 
5938 people who say this is one of the greatest films ever made...have you seen other films? de niros's plot as young vito is good but jesus christ the rest is just dull crime politics. oh no my casino investment, oh no im in court, oh no my wife hates me. blah blah blah.if you want a real film about gangs in America and South America, look no further than Bad Boys 2. 
5939 It’s hard to say which movie I like more The Godfather or The Godfather Part 2. They are both tremendous masterpieces. 
5940 Robert De Niro is of course fantastic as young Don Vito but my favorite part’s always been Bruno Kirby as Young Clemenza! I’ll personally always prefer the original but this film is probably the best sequel of all time. The third one’s gotta be even better, right? 
5941 In any other movie this much story would be a bloated mess, but every second is clear and compelling. BADA BING BADA BOOM!!! 
5942 *slaps 3 1/2 hour runtime* you can fit so much fuckin movie in this bad boy 
5943 Violence is a Sicilian artform.Still a perfect film! Happy Birthday to the great Francis Ford Coppola! 
5944  One story is of a man trying to maintain power over the family business. The other is of the man who came before to make it. Both are the tales told in The Godfather: Part II in a very European parallel narrative structure that would anticipate the nonlinear ways of Sergio Leone's Once Upon a Time in America. Coppola, with fantastic staging and pacing, brings out his now established cast and crew, with Robert De Niro taking on the role…  
5945 damn ma is it that serious 
5946 While the Godfather is one of the most well made films of all time this movie is superior (in my opinion) because it has what the first movie lacked, which is a sense of vulnerability 
5947 Simply put, yeah, this is a masterpiece. A 3.5 hr film that, for the most part, feels like it's less than two hours. A review of this film, from me, right now, at 3:30 in the morning, could not do it justice. Everything is near perfection, just like the original "The Godfather." Yeah, it's fantastic; nothing much to add to the conversation.Also, Harry Dean Stanton was in this film, and I somehow didn't know this before watching it. I love that.Blu-Ray, Coppola Restoration 
5948 Way too long for its own good, but there are so many great moments that the length almost doesn't matter. Watching the Corleone family drama unfold over the course of two compelling parallel storylines is fascinating alone. It should also be noted that young Al Pacino and Robert DeNiro could, and I cannot emphasize this enough, GET IT. 
5949 That ending really hit home. Beautiful movie. The relationship between Michael and Fredo was heartbreaking to watch. 
5950 My favorite part. 17 Of 100 
5951 Scavenger Hunt 46Task 14: something with THE MOBSo you mean to tell me that Al Pacino won his oscar for shouting for 2.5 hours straight when this exists? 
5952 If there is one thing I’ve learnt about my mam when watching The Godfather film’s, she’s awful at hiding when “gruesome” moments happen. She’s there covering her face with a pillow way before anything occurs while I’m watching it closely and having no reaction to it, does that make me crazy?I think I may be crazy 😂 
5953  When absorbed together with its predecessor, "The Godfather: Part II" forms the true Noah's Ark of American narrative filmmaking. It's all there - murder, revenge, betrayal, intrigue, familial drama, corruption, fratricide, weddings, communions, baptisms, power ascent and moral descent...and so much more. All of it so familiar by now, it's quite easy to take for granted, because, as we all know - familiarity breeds contempt. But the breadth and depth of these films are so stunning, the mastery of each…  
5954 It took me a whole week to watch this completely, and maybe I would’ve enjoyed it more if I viewed it all in one sitting. But the first movie is simply better on every level, and now I have the urge to rewatch it. 
5955 A big one off the list. Also one that I'll need to watch again at some point. Watching this right after the first one... I'm digging the first a bit more. Loved the De Niro scenes and that final scene was great. 
5956  “If anything in this life is certain, if history’s taught us anything, it’s that you can kill anyone.”Al Pacino continues to masterfully protray the new Don Corleone as he grows further from the family, even as he fights to protect them. Michael doesn’t hold back at the end, and that climactic ending topped off an amazing experience. From the writing to the cinematography, music, acting and directing, everything about this movie was fantastic. Robert De Niro is an incredible…  
5957 The early life and career of Vito Corleone in 1920s New York City is portrayed, while his son, Michael, expands and tightens his grip on the family crime syndicate.Commentary Track:Unlike the first film, Coppola got everything he wanted without and studio interference so the commentary is OK but suffers in comparison to the first. You do forget just how deliberate the pacing is and if it was released now so many people would complain (like they did with the recent Bladerunner).3.5/5 for the Commentary, 5/5 for the Film. 
5958 Micheal has never done anything wrong in his entire life 
5959 2018 What to Watch ChallengeWeek 8 - An Oscar winnerProgress - 6/52I really enjoyed this one through the intermission, and perhaps a bit further. But the ending was just so bleak that I found it to be a bit tough to finish. There's so much going on and once again it's amazing just how impressive of a film it is considering how long it is. Some really nice performances again, and I particularly liked De Niro as young Vito. I didn't mind that it was a prequel/sequel combo really. 
5960  Part of the third annual Audio Commentary Month.Godfather II is good but I still don't think the Vito timeline works as well as people say it does. In many ways G2 is more of a remake than a continuation. The two films mirror all of the iconic characters, like Frank Pentangel filling in for Clemenza, and Bussetta (The Man in Black) replacing Luca Brasi. The sequel also repeats the themes of betrayal, lies and closing the door on Diane…  
5961 I wish Robert de Niro was in this movie more, because Jesus was he amazing. 
5962  I was always a bit discouraged to watch The Godfather due to its run time. However, this weekend my dad insisted on watching it with me since it’s his all time favourite. It certainly was an experience. While I’m always the one mumbling useless facts about films, he was now the one telling me all the facts and information he had gathered over the years. Both Part I and Part II were skillfully intertwined and Al Pacino was absolutely captivating…  
5963 2018 REVIEW #2 | O FREDO, WHERE ART THOU?For being really fucking long, it doesn't feel fucking long. That's good filmmaking.I like this better than the first. I think it's richer, more stylized, more interesting... seeing where Michael has gone and what he transforms into is just satisfying in general. Robert De Niro is a splendid and superb surprise. Overall, it's just good. All I've said has been said already. 
5964 "At this moment, I feel no love for you at all. I never thought that would ever happen, but it has."Masterful. The birth and spiritual death of an empire, presented simultaneously. The iconic image of the young immigrant and future Godfather gazing upon the Statue of Liberty lingers in my mind as I watch Michael Corleone deprive himself of compassion and honour. One of the great films. 
5965  It’s been seven years since I’ve seen either Godfathers and in that span of time, it’s become clearer to me just how many others have used these films as a reference point for calculated, dispassionate revenge. From Watchmen to Breaking Bad and Game of Thrones, there’s a bit of Michael and Vito in every post-1974 anti-hero.Some quick thoughts for posterity:• Pronouncing Corleone in a way that rhymes with woebegone loosely translates to “I’ve got a death wish” in…  
5966 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   With The Godfather Part II, Francis Ford Coppola began a seemingly impossible task - follow up one of the all time greatest films. And considering the reputation of sequels, even to this day, it's impressive how well Part II, for all of it's hype and chance at failure, holds up not only as a sequel, but as a stand alone film it's in own right.Continuing on themes and ideas from the first film while expanding on the story we…   
5967 "i don't behave" - michael, probably. 
5968 Alfred Hitchcock the master of suspense whom 
5969 The greatest sequel ever made? POSSIBLY!! Outstanding film that lives up to its legendary predecessor and then some. This is a saga of criminal proportions that must be seen by all. 
5970 Still as heart-wrenching as ever. Calling this the greatest sequel ever made does it a disservice in my opinion. I don't think I've ever seen a film that makes three and a half hours fly by as quickly as this one does. 
5971 I refuse to watch Part III 
5972 Intressanterweise ist der Film Sequel und ein Prequel und gilt als einer der besten Filme aller Zeiten. Alleine der Titel zeigt dieses an, was zu damaligen Zeiten eigentlich nicht gewünscht war.Vielleicht muss man das im Hinterkopf haben, wenn man heutztage Hollywood mutlosigkeit vorwirft.Man darf aber nicht vergessen, dass in diesem Film wirklich harte Arbeit investiert wurde und das man in so ziemlich jedem Punkt des Films erkennen kann. Nichts ist dem Zufall überlassen und nicht einmal kommt man auf den Gedanken, dass hier allein monitäre Gründe für die Fortsetzung sprachen.Vielleicht muss man das im Hinterkopf haben, wenn man heutztage Hollywood mutlosigkeit vorwirft. 
5973  After my viewing-and subsequent dazed writing-of Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather, I really psyched myself up for its sequel, what with it being considered one of the best sequels of all time, if not superior to the original film.But how can they make a movie that's better than perfection? Even if everyone came back for the production (save for Marlon Brando), and Coppola was still in his godliest, how can they pull it off?Turns out, they can't.Now…  
5974 Holy shit. I definitely prefer Part II to Part I. This one was even more ambitious and epic than the last and I loved it. The duality of Vito and Michael has left my wig in shambles. 
5975  The Godfather Part II may not have the extraordinary ending or knock-out Brando performance of its predecessor, but it’s actually a much more interesting and pleasurable watch, whilst making The Godfather look even better in the process as part of a greater whole. It follows the rise of the Corleone dynasty through a sense of heritage and loyalty with fellow Italian immigrants in the local community, incorporating them as part of the greater Corleone family, then simultaneously its decline as…  
5976  July Classics ChallengeYou've got to feel for Al Pacino. Across the first two parts of The Godfather he gives one of the best performances in American film history and yet still manages to get truly upstaged, by Brando and De Niro respectively, in both films.I certainly enjoyed this more than I enjoyed The Godfather on a first watch, but for now I still think the first installment is superior. Michael is a rather sympathetic protagonist (for this genre…  
5977  TOMANDO VERGONHA NA CARA - PARTE 4É de extremo senso comum pensar em um longa que acabou de ver e começar a refletir sobre. Tentar entender todas as ambições do diretor, pensar nas decisões de roteiro ao desenvolver personagens, assim como em todo aspecto visual que abrange a produção. Porém, ao terminar esta sequência, tudo o que me veio a mente foi o seu titulo e como ele faz sentido para o que Coppola e Puzo quiseram passar. "The…  
5978  Michael's arc in The Godfather is subtly tread. It is even more so in part II. This movie is always a rewarding rewatch because of his tiny character driven moments that are hidden in the complex plot. His unspoken agenda reveals itself slowly through his calculated attacks. I used to feel this movie suffered from Brando's absence. The warmth of Vito Corleone is gone from the main story, leaving a family shattered and in pain. My perspective has changed, though,…  
5979 Goes deeper than the first one. A relentless portrayal of what power does to a man. A pinnacle in dramatic film-making. 
5980  RETO 2015: Una ganadora del Oscar a la mejor película.Oh, The Godfather: Part II, tú posiblemente seas mucho y con esta primera vez no pude apreciarlo en demasía. Lo que sí no se puede negar es el talento nato que tuvo Mario Puzo en crear grandes personajes con historias verdaderamente bien hechas, así como también el talento que nunca me deja de asombrar de Nino Rota y por esa actuación tan impecable que siempre brinda uno de los mejores…  
5981  I think I understand the idea of symmetry that Coppola introduced in "The Godfather Part II", which was then carried through into the final part as well, thus bringing all three films together and cementing the idea of them being a bona fide trilogy. Though, I can't help but feel that in terms of the rhythm of the story, this film feels at least a bit repetitive. And that would be my only nitpick.Other than that, "The Godfather Part…  
5982 Tão bom quanto o primeiro, ou talvez até melhor! Filmaço! 
5983 What is the sequel to the greatest movie every made? Maybe the second greatest movie ever mande.SCORECARD:Direction - ★★★★★Acting - ★★★★★Writing - ★★★★★Cinematography - ★★★★★Music/Score - ★★★★★Editing - ★★★★★Sound - ★★★★★Costume Design - ★★★★★Makeup - ★★★★★ 
5984  The Godfather Part II, hailed as one of the greatest, if not the greatest sequel of all time. It's sharp quick, and does something that is very difficult to do when it comes to sequels. The Godfather, an adaptation to the best seller by Mario Puzo, was a masterpiece for it's portrayal of the business and family side of the mafia. To create a sequel with an almost entirely original story is risky. Issues can arise, as with many sequels.…  
5985 A truly ravishing and dark film that parallels Vito Corleone's rise from humble beginnings to Michael Corleone's descent into paranoia and darkness as it features an amazing cast as well as lush visuals as it's one of the rare sequels that is either better or as equal as its predecessor. "I know it was you Fredo! You broke my heart! You broke my heart!" 
5986  There is obviously an ongoing debate over whether this or the first film is the superior piece of work but ultimately I think I have to give my vote to the original classic. That being said - calling one of these films better than the other is a bit like having to choose between two very similar shades of your favorite color. They're both excellent and equally worthy of your attention.I think what ultimately sets them apart for me…  
5987 Still is the greatest film of all time in my opinion. 100% holds up on every level. 
5988  Less thrilling/successful/etc. than I -- but then, it's 100x more ambitious. The jumping back and forth between Young Vito and Increasingly Eviler Michael isn't exact, which I will argue is a good thing, as it allows the connections to breathe and become more profound. In many ways, this is a cosmic piece about how one can never predict how one's actions will carry over to the next generation. (Exacerbated by how we only see the young versions of Clemenza and…  
5989  After watching Apocalypse Now yesterday, and having re-watched Godfather not too long ago, I decided now would be as good a time as any to watch Part II seeing as I couldn't really remember much/anything about it. It picks up from where the first film left off, pretty much, with Pacino playing Michael Corleone, the head of the Family (capital 'F'), as he tries to expand his reach whilst also keeping his family (lower case 'f') together. It also tells…  
5990  I have always had a thing for Gangster movies and The Godfather Part II is the best. In weaving two parallel stories, that of Michael Corleone's personal decline as he expands his empire and Vito Corleone as he rises to head his crime family, Francis Ford Coppola creates a masterpiece I have enjoyed repeatedly.In my opinion this is Al Pacino's best performance. His Michael is no longer the naive son of the first movie but instead is a ruthless…  
5991 this one was definitely an improvement but it still didnt meet my expectations. i think that longer movies should make you feel engaged throughout the entire duration like you're watching a 1 hour movie. unfortunately most of them have the same issue there are only a few good scenes and the rest are just filler. nevertheless al pacino remains one of my favourite actors 
5992 Nobody can look as dead inside as Al Pacino. The latter third of the movie was soooo good, and Lauren pulled up an English script of the Italian parts so we could understand Vito's parts. Was a great time. 
5993 Not quite as good as the first, but still great. Love the flashbacks intertwined with the main plot. 
5994 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  In the theater, a spiritual experience  
5995  "Because a man who doesn't spend time with his family can never be a real man."What a film to say the least, a cinematic masterpiece that builds on the success of its predecessor. Taking new heights and blending crime/drama with family dynamics, exploring the complexity of power and morality. Structured in a unique way as we follow the storyline of one's rise to power in an Italian mafia to a transformation of a struggling immigrant to a ruthless mob…  
5996  4K UHD Blu RayMaybe i’m in the small minority that prefers the first over the second. While this was still a fantastic film, I found myself far more bored watching this than the first, which isn’t to say it’s bad by any means, but the 205 minute runtime was definitely felt. Pacino puts on an absolutely immaculate performance as Michael Corleone and we really get to see his development and the growth of the Corleone empire. First movie i’ve…  
5997 I still don’t get why these films are considered the best of all time 
5998  Holy shit, Holy shit, this was sublimeEverything comes together so potently and that’s what sets this apart from others.A masterpiece in filmmaking, makes me want to become a director just to make a film like this, so beautifully shot, so many perfect scenes and/or sequences. Al Pacino is him, he can say so much in just a glance than most actors can express in a monologue, not discrediting De Niro as he was phenomenal. Every single flashback hit…  
5999  اگر بخواهم خلاصه مشکل فیلم را بگویم، کافیست از فیلم پرسید که سه مرگی که در آخر فیلم اتفاق افتاده،چه مسیری را طی کرده‌اند. چگونه مایکل از برادرش ناامید می‌شود، چگونه راث نارو می‌زند و چرا برای آن پیرمرد دوست داشتنی راهی جز خودکشی نمی‌ماند. این مشکل را در پدرخوانده یک هم داریم که نمی‌فهمیم دقیقا این انتقام از کجا منشأ گرفته‌است. ولی با این حال در سکانس آخر این فیلم، کمی دلیل این عصبانیت را میبینیم؛ زمانی که…  
6000 You can kill anyoneMore than a Sicilian family. An American family.A family that every Sicilian immigrant saw themselves in. Much like my grandfather 
6001 It's like watching DaVinci piss over the Mona Lisa really. 
6002 Oh come on, people. It's a good movie. 
6003 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  trying not to think about the fact that the director just happened to cast his own daughter in a role with an incest subplot  
6004 the godfather part III: *exists*me: as mariah carey once said: "i don't know her" 
6005 or: Her Cousin Vinny 
6006 Yass Sofia Coppola I love your lack of energy, go girl give us nothing! 
6007 There should be a GODFATHER PART IV but BACK TO THE FUTURE II style with old Vincent going back in time to help young Vincent during the events of GODFATHER PART II. 
6008  Look, I won't argue that there's a lot going on here the previous ones didn't already do better with regard to the violent corruption of capitalism, the sins of the father punishing the rest of the family, mob life as Shakespearean tragedy, etc. but idk Coppola still has the goods behind the camera (backroom discussions of business, family, death and regret in Willis browns and shadows is simply what cinema is), adding international banks and the pope introduces a not…  
6009 now this is an offer I can refuse 
6010  THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONESome people have never seen “The Godfather Part III” despite their love for Sofia Coppola, whose career behind the camera emerged from the ashes of her supposedly amateurish performance as Michael Corleone’s doomed teenager daughter in her father’s trilogy-capping epic. This writer had never seen “The Godfather Part III” because of my love for Sofia Coppola.Born in 1984 and raised to think of the “Lost in Translation” director as more of…  
6011 This is the longest film in the trilogy despite Part II being an hour longer 
6012  Watching The Godfather: Part III is painful, all the more so because despite the fact that it's so mediocre, there are enough tantalizing glimpses of greatness in it that I can't help but be all the more disappointed with the film.The look of the film is just right. It's not quite as dark as the previous two installments, but it's just as rich in detail and color. And the music score is still there, accompanied by several familiar faces,…  
6013 when michael’s son started singing to him and he remembers his and appollonia’s wedding day and tears come out of his eyes. yeah that shit hurted 
6014  a crisis of conscience. nothing he does or says can change the sins of his past, and nothing can mute the sounds of the screams when they catch up to him. a lifetime of capital over compassion leaves him dead with nothing to love as he fades and the bitter pain of watching even the innocents in your life die in front of him. in the end, you fuck over everyone, in the end, pain is all that’s left. the…  
6015 My advice: only bother with the first three films in the trilogy. 
6016 broke: writing a part for you to cameo in your own movie as an excuse to say the N-wordwoke: writing a part for your daughter to play a main role in your movie as part of an incest subplot 
6017 where the fuck was tom hagen 
6018 one taught me patience 
6019 Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone – Ghost Protocol or: How I Learned to Stop Worrying and Love the Bomb or (The Unexpected Virtue of Ignorance): The Whole Bloody Affair (Director's Cut) & Knuckles (2020 film) 
6020  Not a bad movie, or even a bad sequel, just not a great one. The most interesting thing it has going for it is the unusual combo of Coppola’s high-minded themes and artistic references (including a ton of opera at the climax) with some graphic setpieces that could have come out of a trashy exploitation flick. Hums along pretty well for a while, then does sort of fall apart by the end, including a last scene so abrupt and jarring…  
6021 Kissing Prank EXTREME Godfather Edition - OMG! - I Filmed My Daughter Kissing Andy Garcia (Gone INCESTUAL) 
6022 no cause writing in the incest part for director’s own daughter’s character can be marked as very weird behavior 
6023 look how they massacred my part 3 
6024  THE GODFATHER, CODA 2020 recutI mean I think THE GODFATHER PART III is a very good movie with a couple of big issues that also unfortunately has the baggage of being a sequel to the fucking first two GODFATHER movies, so in my opinion cutting out a big chunk of it seems pointless. But then again Francis has always had a knack for keeping things modern, and to that end he has indeed highlighted a lot of formerly merely…  
6025 would be a 4 star film without the abundance of incest, oranges, and sofia coppola’s acting 
6026 my lucky coat! 
6027 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEAgree, The Godfather lll is flawed & an unnecessary sequel and obviously not as great as it's predecessors, but looking at it without comparing it to the first two you realize it's not a bad film overall, there's plenty of good stuff in it. And the new cut is even better (Really liked the different opening & finale).It's underlying themes of regret and sins of past worked really well thorough the film. The…   
6028 we need to launch a full federal investigation in to why and how this happened who allowed this? 
6029 boring asfuck started watching minecraft videos simultaneously this guy was making like a house that can walk or wtvr with like pistons and slime blocks i was like omgg thats crazy i didnt know u could do that 
6030 SOFIA COPPOLA ACADEMY AWARD WHERE??? yes it’s true it’s true this trilogy really is peak cinema i’m a mess that whole opera scene nearly killed me off wow what a motion picture i’m really gonna miss these crazy rich italians 😭😭😭 
6031  (Coda cut)I like that the new cut is called Coda, it fits the movie better, as this is presented very much as an epilogue. It is worth pointing out that Michael doesn't do much through it besides failing to go legit, most of the violence happens despite his protests (although Coppola is honest enough to recognize that his protests are pretty hollow).It is a movie about reckoning, not action. It is much more about consequence than spectacle (its…  
6032 This is closer to Gotti than Godfather 1. Sophia Coppola’s acting belongs in something like Birdemic or The Room. 
6033  Michael Corleone began The Godfather by telling Kay, his future wife, that he was not involved in the family business, and this conversation resonates throughout Part III. Even after everything that has happened, Kay tells Michael that she still loves him, and it might even be true, but she knows that he had no more choice in inheriting his father’s sin than he does in passing it on to the next generation. Michael’s daughter Mary and his nephew Vincent—symbolically his…  
6034 Gesehen in Coppolas neuer Coda-Schnittfassung, die nochmal klar deutlich macht, dass „Der Pate 3“ viel tiefgreifendere Probleme hat, als die Anordnung der Szenen - daran ändern auch noch so viele Namensänderungen und Schnitte nichts. Der neue Anfang ist zudem der deutlich schwächere Einstieg, die neue, finale Einstellung ist überhastet abgeschnitten und kann so nicht nachwirken. Viel Sinn ergibt das Vorhaben dieser 12 Minuten kürzeren Fassung also nicht, mit einer Ausnahme: Sofia Coppolas Szenen wurden stark gekürzt. Immerhin etwas. 
6035  REVIEW FOR THE CODA VERSIONThe Godfather III apologists!!!.... *whispers*assemble*whispers*So along with LB buddy Nick, I belong to that small group of crazy individuals that gave the original and infamous third installment of the classic trilogy a 4 out 5 stars, I was pretty curious to see how and what would a final (and definite) cut would look like – a movie that would have fixed the many issues that final part had. And I am here to tell…  
6036 When the last movie about your life is made, nothing will be quite as good as it used to be, and the worst thing you ever did will keep coming up again and again. If that's not a haunting statement on what it's like to get old, I don't know what it is.(The ending is really good) 
6037  Let me explain. I've been watching the trilogy in sequence today with almost no breaks in between the films.I knew that this was the black sheep of the series going in. "The Godfather 3" has almost become a punchline over the years, especially with the previous two films being masterpieces.This film is nowhere near as dense as part two and the heart of the film (the father/daughter relationship) doesn't fucking work because Sophia Coppola can't act to save…  
6038 When you pause the movie multiple times to go watch scenes from the original Godfather. 
6039  So it’s been about sixteen years since I last watched The Godfather Part III. I saw it five or six times despite thinking it was subpar. I was intrigued at the idea of Francis Ford Coppola taking another crack at the edit for The Godfather: Coda. The mentor of George Lucas managed to George Lucas his film from okay to bad.Michael talking to the Archbishop about creating a conglomerate has been moved to the opening. Four minutes have been…  
6040 As someone who has experienced The Godfather trilogy, I must say it's an unforgettable journey into the heart of organized crime and the twists of family loyalty. Each film is a masterpiece in its own right, with Francis Ford Coppola's direction drawing you into the intricate world of the Corleone family. 
6041  The violent history of the Corleone crime family did conclude on an ideal note in The Godfather Part II but thanks to the unquenchable greed of studio executives plus the dire financial circumstances director Francis Ford Coppola found himself in during that time, what was until then a perfectly flawless motion picture saga ultimately got tainted by a much inferior third instalment, which wasn't even required in the first place.Continuing the story of Michael Corleone, The Godfather Part III…  
6042 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Originally I was going to watch "Chinatown" for the first time, and review it, but since when I marathon a series, I prefer to finish said series as soon as possible. Guess what movie I'm planning on reviewing next then? Now onto the review.  The Godfather Part III is a 1990 American crime film written by Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola, and directed by Coppola. It completes the story of Michael Corleone, a Mafia kingpin who tries to legitimize…   
6043 My favorite in the trilogy. Don't @ me.Connie's arc throughout this series is the real gem and her complete fall to the darkness here is something to behold. 
6044  I don’t know what I see in this movie that others don’t. It’s not what I don’t see because I’m certainly aware of its flaws, but I somehow don’t seem to mind. I think I’ll go to my grave defending True Detective Season 2, Quantum of Solace, and this. It might be its looks that I’m in love with. A film set in the seventies, made in the nineties, and one that belongs to neither decade, full of rich browns…  
6045 I love the way the opening act of this film is structured now. It still has some problems but the tone set by that first half hour really changes the feeling of the film overall. And Pacino and Garcia are even better than I remembered. Full review tomorrow. 
6046 Wow, what a journey this trilogy has been. So sinister and evil. This one was beautiful. The settings in this one were out of this world. It was exactly what you’d expect from a Godfather movie. The opera scenes especially were superb. I feel like I’m now apart of this Italian family and I better watch my back. 
6047 I saw the new Coda cut, but I’ve never seen the original so I don’t really know what the differences were. It’s not a bad movie, but I will say that Sofia Coppola’s acting is terrible, and every single line she utters is an awkward, clunky mess.Coppola’s acting isn’t the worst thing about the film though, that honor goes to the incest subplot. I wonder why anyone would think it was a good idea, not only to have an incest story, but to also have it be acted by the daughter of the director. I would love to know how awkward filming that was. 
6048 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I watched the recently released cut entitled The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. I used to say that The Godfather: Part III was a 2 minute ending with a needless 150 minute prologue. On a rewatch, even with the new cut, I feel the same. All this film exists to do is kill off Michael Corleone in its last scene. If we want to extend this a bit further, the film's purpose is to kill off Michael's daughter…   
6049  Winterzeit ist Klassikerzeit die Elfte (11/2)Mit dem Abschluss der „Paten“-Trilogie reisen wir von der Suggestion in die alte Heimat zur alten Heimat zum Abklang der alten Heimat. Wie jedes Fest überbrodelnder Glückseligkeit und Festlichkeit wie wir es bei den ersten beiden Teilen bekamen, bekommen wir bei „Der Pater – Teil 3“ das Aufräumen des ausrollenden Festes wie die plötzliche Windstille für jeden Windsurfer. Die Gäste sind von dannen ihres zurücklassenden Schlachtfeldes vertilgter Speisen und ausgeschlurfter Flaschen, der Fußboden durchgetreten,…  
6050 I wish we lived in a society where Paramount just paid Robert Duvall and used the original script. 
6051  after getting a little out of hand with my texts for The Godfather and The Godfather II let this end - accurately fitting to the third installment - be more direct and unsubtle. enough with the sprawling, boundless, infinite dance of the technocratic hustle and bustle tableaus of the first two parts, here we get to the juice. Pacino grows a conscience somehow, the church gets involved (porco dio!) and even Helmut Berger stumbles through the parade. Baldwin is in…  
6052  • Pushing this narrative 25 years forward when production only had 16 is probably the main thing. The Michael-Kay scenes are as good as anything these characters had, a relentless vision of time failing to heal wounds, but with aging makeup and dyed hair they do not register as real people; it's as if Twin Peaks' third season were made in 2005 and still set in the mid-2010s.• One of the biggest almost-there movies ever made, forever defined by…  
6053  Der Re-edit wirkt bisweilen etwas kompakter, stringenter. Die verwirrende Vatikan-Storyline bekommt mehr Raum, wodurch aber das Familiengeschehen, um das es in der Saga ja eigentlich geht, noch weiter in den Hintergrund rückt. Nach wie vor ist Sofia Coppola der Schwachpunkt des Films, daran ändern auch einige Cuts nicht. Winona Ryder, wie ursprünglich angedacht, wäre die bessere Wahl gewesen.  Das Ende fand ich im Original besser, der Anfang hat mir bei "Coda" besser gefallen. Und jetzt? Ich mag den dritten Teil,…  
6054 Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone"They're just stories, sweetheart."oh wow. now that is how you make a movie. 
6055  Ein Triumph war schon immer aussichtslos. Dafür war der Druck zu groß. Dafür war das Erbe noch größer. Dafür hatte Francis Ford Coppola zu lange geschworen, niemals einen 3. Teil von „Der Pate“ zu drehen. Wie sollte er auch die beiden Meisterwerke übertreffen, die er mit Brando, De Niro, Pacino und Puzo einst geschaffen hatte? Doch dann war es da, das Sequel das niemals sein sollte. Ende 1990. Nach 16 Jahren. Nachdem Coppola und Mario Puzo nur sechs Wochen Zeit…  
6056  64 (The Coppola Restoration)My first time watching the Godfather Part III is about as disappointing as I expected it to be. I had only previously watched the first two installments because I had always heard terrible things about the third. It is not bad. But, to be frank, it’s not great. The story is convoluted, it has some subpar acting from most of the cast (no reason to exclusively hate on Sofia Coppola), weaker dialogue and many contrivances. The…  
6057 The Spider-Man 3 of the trilogy.Come on, it’s not as “bad” as everyone else said. 
6058 A dip in quality compared to the other two Godfather movies, but still pretty solid. There are inspired moments throughout, but the story isn't as gripping overall I think.The performances are good for the most part, except for Sophia Coppola's; she often comes across as wooden. She should definitely stick to directing because that seems to be her forte.I loved the over-the-top gangster massacre by helicopter, and the little callbacks to the previous installments were fun too.García's and Coppola's first cousin romance was.. pretty crazy!Fun times watching this with a raspy voiced Michelle. 
6059 Everyone can clown on this truly alien Sofia Coppola performance, nepo this, baby that, but if you were a nice father who was also a maniac you'd also let your weird daughter obliterate your franchise for love so no judgies! Three stars! 
6060 This film is by far the worst out of the three. I felt like it was over run by Hollywood and had sloppy acting/writing. It was a unnecessary film to of been made especially after the incredible first two. Speaking of things being unnescessary, what was the need of having some twisted, shitty incest storyline?! Not to mention Sofia Coppola’s stale ass performance which is almost unwatchable. 
6061  What a disappointing final chapter for The Godfather trilogy. I had relatively low expectations for Part III, but I was feeling excited to watch it at the same time since the first two films were so memorable. I didn't find it bad, but it certainly had many problems. I didn't like how they wrapped the whole Fredo story arc in only a couple of minutes, so I thought that was a wasted opportunity. In addition, Connie not being suspicious at…  
6062 Coppola produces a work that turns the previous two inside out. it doesn't just mirror and echo the previous two, but re-stages them. this isn't the ode to silent cinema, but a real fresco; an anti-Godfather film that extends every theme that made the first two iconic, but with a beating human operatic heart. the stark chiaroscuro of cynical pragmatism brushed aside for tableaux of loss, longing, and desire. 
6063 The title is way longer, but the movie is way shorter. Full review at ScreenCrush. 
6064 1990 was one hell of a year for Italian Americans in cinema, and yet what a fugazi this was! 
6065  Honestly, I could see what Part III was trying to accomplish. Coppola himself has admitted the the first two Godfathers are the real story and Part III is just an epilogue. Here, we have the film start off much like how the first film began: Michael, being the Don, hosting an important party for the family dealing with a son that wants nothing to do with the business. However, while with Vito everyone was happy and enjoying themselves with a…  
6066 Watched The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone 
6067  My 1000th entry!The Godfather III is more about the regrets of a shattered old man than a mafia crime drama. While this movie is nowhere near the lustre of its way older predecessors, the series still ended on a high note. The stunning performances of Andy Garcia and Al Pacino wowed especially on solid sequences that required foolproof acting. Bigger exposures for both Talia Shire and Dianne Keaton proved necessary as they shined when needed. Most importantly, Sofia Coppola…  
6068 "If you're against incest just say you have an ugly family" -Mary Corleone 
6069 it is happening again. 
6070 al pacino in scent of a woman was a better michael corleone than michael corleone in the godfather part iii 
6071 how hard would it have been to get the poster to match with the other two? this is a crime against cinema 
6072  Acho fascinante como a economia e a sociedade dos últimos 30 anos do séc. XX são devassadas de forma ainda mais ostensiva (Banco do Vaticano, empréstimos ziliardários, Euro Mercado, financeirização, empresas imobiliárias internacionais, grandes corporações que agem tanto lícita quanto clandestinamente e numa escala assombrosamente mais abrangente que a dos cassinos e o negócio de azeite de oliva dos dois primeiros filmes), ainda mais trágica (talvez um título mais adequado a esta terceira parte, levando-se em conta os destinos das…  
6073 “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in”.And that guys, is one of the greatest lines in film history. Matching one of the greatest trilogys of all time (if not THE GREATEST). 
6074  Some films induce you to put ungodly expectations on them because of the source subject, the stars, the director. Through the years many have come down hard on The Godfather Part III because there was no way it could outdo, and overpower, the previous two installments. I had seen Part III long ago and was at the time left hazy, dissatisfied. I wanted to watch it again with fresh eyes and moderate expectations. Francis Ford Coppola, still capable at this…  
6075  "The Godfather Part III," the concluding chapter of Francis Ford Coppola's iconic mafia trilogy, remains the weakest link despite its ambitions and visual finesse. Released in 1990, the film failed to meet the high expectations set by its predecessors, leaving a divisive impression.The plot unfolds a few decades after the events of the second installment, following Michael Corleone's (Al Pacino) efforts to overcome his family's criminal past and pursue a legitimate path. However, despite the promising premise, the story…  
6076  THE CODA cut…It’s hard to be compared to two of the greatest films ever made but similar to RETURN OF THE JEDI this three-quel does it’s best to stick the landing on the Corelone Saga without screwing things up for the legacy of THE GODFATHER series.Having only seen the original cut once (and hating it) the CODA cut makes some wise choices in cutting some moments that we’re wince-inducing (coughSophiaclCough) and overall it’s a pretty decent denouement for…  
6077  "All my life I was trying to get up in society...where everything is legal, but the higher I go the more crooked it becomes." -Michael Corleone, - Francis Ford Coppola: boxd.it/8GFCCBut they're cousins. I watched The Godfather III Coda cut because I heard it was better and I'll never know for sure because I will never go through this experience again. It's not that this was the worst thing I've seen or anything it's just definitely not for me.…  
6078  I finally endured-I mean watched-The Godfather III. I bought the new Sofia Coppola book, so I figured I needed to watch her infamous role in the otherwise impeccably written and acted Godfather Part III. Shockingly, she wasn’t the only thing sinking the film! In the beginning, Michael Corleone (Pacino) can’t even remember the name of Sonny Corleone’s son Vincent (Andy Garcia). Less than an hour later, he tells Vincent that he’s always considered himself responsible for him. Uuummm…There are a…  
6079 yeah they should've just ended with the last one like nepotism and dreadful performance sadly ruined this film. 
6080  *this breakdown is for Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. it was originally posted to a seperate page dedicated to that version of The Godfather: Part III but has since merged*...This is not worth your time. If you've never seen The Godfather: Part III and don't know which version to watch, fear not! They're both shit. Here are the differences so you don't have to waste your money.Spoilers for a 30 year old movie, I guess.- The…  
6081  Sixteen years after "The Godfather - Part II", US director Francis Ford Coppola broke his word and, contrary to previous statements, turned his mafia epic into a trilogy. He developed the screenplay again together with Mario Puzo, from whom the literature came."The Godfather - Part III" has certainly not turned out to be a bad film. The implications of the Vatican and the Mafia, referring to the theories about the death of Pope John Paul I, embedded in the…  
6082  It's a good movie, just not by Godfather standards.My biggest issue is that I wished it had continued Michael's descent into pure villainy instead of jumping to him trying to do well and atone for his sins. It's still an interesting take on the character, it just feels like it skipped some more ineteresting parts of his arc. Also, Sofia Coppola can't act.Beyond that though, the film has amazing performances (Sofia Coppola may not be one of them,…  
6083  You all people calling this film a thrash need to go all pay a visit to a shrink ASAP!Granted, the film is no near a Masterpiece nor iconic as the previous two entries, and I did some cheating by watching the film dubbed, which really helped because someone did the Lord's job and fixed Sofia's dialogue. And the epic drama feel gears up to something much soapy. Despite these minor issues, this last installment is filled with so many…  
6084 Overhated! 
6085 People say the worst thing about The Godfather: Part III is Sofia Coppola’s acting when, in fact, it’s Al Pacino’s hair -- I can’t believe we were robbed of the suave sophistication Michael Corleone should’ve had. 
6086 separation of church and bank — the most overtly political entry in the saga and, arguably, the most brutal with business trumping family and violence having more of a monetary value than existing as a concern, or result, solely of retribution; hardly the disaster, or even stain on the series, it has been made out to be 
6087  i didn't want to believe the criticism about this movie but unfortunately.... it was true. it was disappointing and honestly laughable. there were so many great moments in this but sadly they get overshadowed by the bad ones....sofia coppola's performance is just atrocious, one of the worst i've ever come across actually. what the fuck was that with her upper lip? she looked disgusted most of the time and ten incest plot line.... no words. al pacino and diane…  
6088 Not necessary, and not as giant as its prequels, but still a memorable mafia film, with a good conclusion. It carried the weight of its past stories; there was its source of advantage. Glad to know Sofia stayed behind the camera.Oh wait...71/100 
6089 Three stars for the movie, and one star for the last half hour. Everything happening in and around the opera was something. Pacino gives a haunting performance as Micheal. Andy Garcia gave a solid performance, but it seemed rushed. Anyways unless you are a completist, you can skip this entry. 
6090 Although this doesn’t come close to the previous films, it’s great and worthy of concluding one of the most iconic trilogies in cinema.Francis Coppola definitely took a risky approach with this film but it turned out just fine. 
6091  Trilogies always seem to have one strand that doesn't get quite as much love as the rest. The exception seems to be The Lord of The Rings Trilogy, almost universally lauded, but even Star Wars had that iffy third act with the Ewoks? LB pals talk about The Evil Dead trilogy, many love Toy Story, and nostalgia brings the Back To The Future trilogy into vogue too, but given that The Evil Dead is still a franchise that I haven't…  
6092  APOLOGÍA DE SOFIA COPPOLALo dijimos en su momento; lo enseñamos en nuestras clases y seminarios, y porqué no repetirlo ahora y en este lugar.Un elemento fundamental de la actuación de actores y de actrices en el cine y su concepto, es el aspecto físico de todos ellos. Éste crea ya y de movida un punto de vista. Lo que se llamó in illo tempore “fotogenia”, “phisyche du rol”, “carisma”, y un no tan largo etcétera. El Hollywood clásico,…  
6093  I concluded my Godfather Easter Marathon last night around the stroke of midnight. I held off on writing a review because i was tired and I had to take a break from Corleones and killings. I even watched Lincoln on BluRay for the first time since seeing it theaters. And after THAT little break I watched The Godfather Part III for the first time since I vowed to never watch it again unless I had to. I always say that…  
6094  just kind of cool to hear that score heave itself around new york and see andy garcia roll his performance in the same way pacino did in the first one. it does the job, in and out, no fuss. it’s good, which at 3 hours in length is actually, uh, actually that’s not good. "i preferred you when you were just a common mafia hood" yeah me too Diane... me too. and this idea that you are doomed to become…  
6095  Revisiting "The Godfather: Part III" – A Final Chapter of ReflectionHaving recently finished rewatching "The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone" or "The Godfather: Part III," I find myself reflecting on the conclusion of this epic saga. While it may not have the same impact as its predecessors, there is still much to appreciate in this final chapter, especially in this new definitive edit and restoration."The Godfather: Part III" continues to delve into the themes of power,…  
6096 the third act goes crazy. 
6097 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneDoesn’t deserve the hate it gets. Some people would argue its only crime is not being as good as two of the greatest movies ever made. As much as I love this movie even I couldn’t argue that point. Its problems extend beyond falling short of the greatness of its predecessors. The movie suffers from the very themes it tries to explore: hubris and greed.In the film Michael’s arrogance prevents him from entertaining…   
6098  First review: letterboxd.com/thommy1801/film/the-godfather-part-iii/Yes, compared to the first two movies, Part III is disappointing and yes, it wasn´t really necessary in the first place, but it´s not a horrible film.Direction, cinematography, editing, and production design are topnotch, the Italian set pieces are beautiful, the score is as wonderful as always, and the plot is engaging and captivating, though the intrigues and twists are less shocking and heartbreaking than in the previous movies.My favorite aspect of the plot is…  
6099  [Coda version]Braced myself for the worst, which probably helped sell it a little better. There’s a decent enough revenge plot, and the addition of Andy Garcia grew on me the more it went on (outside of the misplaced cousin plot - this is Dexter Season 6 all over again!).But there is an almost amateurish and tension-lacking quality when compared to the first two parts. We’re also now in Pacino’s shouty era, and gone is his lovely slicked-back hair,…  
6100  The Godfather: Part III ---- 1990The Godfather: Part III starts off in 1979.By this time Michael is near the end of his Career at the head of the Corleone family empire. In fact he probably wouldn't mind walking away from it all if he had the chance.But there are a few things that are out of his control. Like say, for instance, his nephew Vincent coming back into his life. Vincent can be a smart man with…  
6101 Minus a certain indivdual’s performance, I genuinely believe this to be on the same level as the other two films and serve as a satisfying ending to the trilogy. I’m mainly just impressed and how it feels like a continuation of the previous films even after such a large time gap.Come at me if you must, but I enjoyed this just as much as the others.Viewed Martin Scorsese’s personal 35mm print from 1990. 
6102 meh this isn’t THAT bad as some people say 
6103  Al Pacino carried this entire franchise (not really but I just love his performance in every film). While part 3 of The Godfather is my least favourite of the trilogy I think it’s super underrated. The 3.4 average on here is blasphemous to me, sure it’s not as strong as the other two but it’s still a great film. The only issue I can really find with it is Sofia Coppola’s acting which is pretty horrendous but other than that…  
6104 It's quite amazing how Sofia Coppola started the 90's with this awful performance and 9 years later she made one of the best films of that decade or at least one of my favourites.After watching this I thought that maybe I should rewatch the first two films, compared to this they're actually masterpieces and I should appreciate them more. Also, I'm not really sure this even needed to exist, nothing remotely interesting happens and it doesn't feel like Francis Ford Coppola directed this at all, it's just a big mess that not even Al Pacino or Diane Keaton could make better. 
6105 A última vez que eu vi "O Poderoso Chefão - Parte III" foi há 24 anos. E eu não tinha a memória de um grande filme. Nada mais errado. Que filme maravilhoso, que belíssima conversa com o resto da obra, que coerência! E quantas cenas impecáveis! Se a escalação tapa-buraco de Sofia Coppola deixa muito a desejar, há Al Pacino magistral, Andy Garcia reeditando James Caan lindamente e Talia Shire monstruosa, elevando Connie a um papel de protagonismo. Que bela homenagem à memória! 
6106  Welp. Finally got around to it, I guess.I don't think there's much that needs to be said about the first two "Godfather" films. They're both near, (if not exact) perfection, and two of the absolute greatest films ever made. They're classics for a reason. Not too long ago I had the opportunity to see the first "Godfather" again in a Dolby theater for its 50th anniversary. It was fucking incredible and it blew my mind. A couple of days…  
6107  I mean, it's pretty good! People act like it's a sin against cinema but c'mon it's a decent movie. I do have problems with it though. It doesn't feel as grandiose or important as the first two, especially Part II. It just kinda feels like Michael is slowly walking through this final chapter of his life as things around him are just as crazy as they ever were. And I get that this could be reflective of how Michael's getting…  
6108  *Part of the Best Picture Project**Few films have the detriment of having to live up to a predecessor's greatness. Fewer films have had to face the ire, or rather the passive aggressive disregard that has been given to The Godfather: Part III. It is a film that has become a footnote in cinema's history compared to the landmarks the first two films in the trilogy had established. Yet it's a film whose vices are rarely ever brought to the…  
6109  Me: "frankly the film is more like opera"Coppola: literally ends his trilogy on an opera lmaoDon't get the hate. Flawed but it is moving and gets right everything that makes the trilogy special. Like straight up it's a terrifying film(and also has some of Coppola's greatest compositions/editing if we are being real). Modern ancient greek/shakespearean tragedies, history endlessly and brutally repeating itself, the innocents die first for the sins of their fathers, the father gets punished for choosing…  
6110 yes.I‘m a slut for Al Pacino, again...I wish I could give this more, but there were too many things that were annoying me, starting with Sofia’s acting (ily tho), the whole incest shit and some other small details.So you could say that all the stars belong to Al Pacino and Al Pacino only....and to the beautiful art direction! 
6111 Part III surprised me positively!! I enjoyed Part I & Part II just as much, but I had way higher expectations for them. Great ending for the Corleone saga. 
6112   Godfather III was always the Fredo of Godfather movies, weak and flawed compared to its two siblings. Simply by renaming it The Godfather Coda, Coppola makes it a better film by delinking expectations from the twin towers and enhancing its elegiac tone. “I had a whole different destiny planned.” As we know from Donnie Brasco and The Sopranos, the mafia is in decline in the 1990s, so what more perfect metaphor than a declining Godfather movie. Not just Michael Corleone…  
6113 twitter.com/i/events/1336506756525158405?s=20 
6114 No doubt struggles to uphold the same acclaim or significance as the first two movies but it’s good in its own 60 year old Michael Corleone kind of way. More about coming to terms with the past and finding a successor for the Corleone business than a mob movie with an endless amount of blood and violence. It’s still there but definitely toned down in favor of a more dialogue driven story. 
6115 I watched Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone.I’ve never had a Godfather Part III issue. It doesn’t stand with the other two, but it’s pretty fucking fun. Too much sloppy exposition. But Andy Garcia OWNS!I think this new edit and the original edit are about equal in weight, but I’ll probably only watch the new version from here on out. 
6116  This review is for "The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone" This does not deserve the hate it gets at all. I can see why it's not as beloved as the other two but in my opinion I think it's so much better than the second. I've not watched The Godfather 3 theatrical version, so I have no idea how much it differs from Coda, but will definitely be watching that version too to compare. It's by no means…  
6117  The third installment made after 16 years is indeed a solid movie, but since the other two are exemplary masterpieces, it ends up giving the feel of an unnecessarily made sequel. The story is passable as a standalone, but considering the franchise, it is weak lacking the intensity and impact. It covers the aged Michael Corleone’s moral regrets, takes effort to legitimize his criminal empire and choosing his next protege. Al Pacino performance gets more fluid and unsuited this time…  
6118  In all fairness, The Godfather Part III wasn’t really the fault of Francis Ford Coppola. His 1982 musical drama One from the Heart, despite coming only three years after the incredibly successful Apocalypse Now, bombed so badly that he was soon facing serious financial issues, leaving him with only two options: direct, produce, and co-write (with, as always, Mario Puzo, author of the novels from which the Godfather films came) another Godfather film like Paramount really wanted him to do,…  
6119 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  OMG I didn't know Mary and Vincent were from Santiago del Estero  
6120  It’s barely 10 minutes in and Michael Corleone’s face breaks into a broad grin and already this feels like a very different film to its predecessor. I know in real life many men who have been hard as nails begin to develop a sentimental streak as they get older, but what can be a relief in real life is the opposite when it comes to the brilliant fictional character of Michael Corleone. Sentimentality was central to the tension in The…  
6121  Being that its reputation over the years has been one where it's known for being a highly inferior cap to the Godfather trilogy, I fully expected The Godfather Part III to be a massive step down going in. That's why I was happy when it turned out that I did not find this to be the disaster many think it is, even if it is definitely nowhere near the greatness of its two predecessors. I definitely understand why a lot…  
6122  Is it really that bad?To answer the question quickly probably not but compared to its predecessors it really is a stinking pile of shit. However there are reasons to that to Francis Ford Coppola losing his touch after filming Apocalypse Now, the filming/writing being rushed and actors dropping out therefore you can’t hate on it that much. The Godfather Part 3 is however quite good at showing the collapse of crime empire with the Corleone touch just not being…  
6123 This was actually not as bad as everyone says. Of course it's not on the same level as the first two but I liked it. The thing that really brings this movie down is Sofia Coppola. And what's going on with the incest? 
6124  Ok, this is apparently an unpopular opinion, but I really enjoyed this film. I agree, “The Godfather Part III" is not a masterpiece like its two predecessors or Scorsese's “GoodFellas", but it still is a great mafia film and a mostly satisfying ending to Michael Corleone's story.I just love the immersive world Francis Ford Coppola creates in his Godfather movies, this elegant but morally corrupt parallel society, where organized crime mingles with politics, big business, and the Church. In…  
6125 I mean, it’s not terrible, mostly because the story and beats are still interesting enough. But even though I wasn’t the biggest fan of the first film in the trilogy, I will say that with the milquetoast directing as well as the work in basically every technical department, this is the first film in the trilogy that feels like it could have been made by anyone. Especially with Sofia Coppola’s subpar acting job that proves she’s much better behind the camera. 
6126  Paramount. Coppola Restoration Blu-Ray1.85:1Color (Technicolor)35mm15“Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in”SECOND VIEWING - THEATRICAL CUTThe alleged problem child of Coppola’s Godfather is nothing of the sort. A clear dip in quality yes, Coppola really does struggle to capture the intensity and violence, especially the notable hotel meeting action sequence that feels so miss placed, and something out of a Scorsese picture, which ultimately is the issue the film…  
6127  Only the second time I've seen Part III, but my first go-around with The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. In this entry, objects are either imbued with significance or not based on whether the authority figure that holds power in the scene can be present to actually make these objects sacred. In this respect it is important that both The Pope and Michael Corleone are disempowered. By now in the world of the Corleones, money and capital literally…  
6128  The Vatican intrigue just can’t compete with the epic scope of the immigration story and sibling rivalry/betrayal at the heart of The Godfather: Part 1 and 2. Still it’s not a bad. There are some well-done set pieces, including an assassination at the San Gennaro festival in Little Italy and of course the opera scene, where you can see Eli Wallach gag on a cannoli and Sofia Coppola utter dad when she should be shouting WHY! No doubt Coppola wanted the…  
6129 me watching the godfather I & II: you're doing amazing sweetieme watching the godfather III: nobody is perfect 
6130  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneNot drastically different, but has better pacing and focus. I also think that slight change in the ending makes a world of difference.Subjectively it’s a better version of the film, but I’m not quite sure I like it more. Like the beginning of the film works so much better, but I still missed that meandering beginning that feels like it’s sabotaging the story from actually getting started.It’s like having one…  
6131 A disappointing conclusion to what was until this point a magnificent series of films, Francis Ford Coppola's The Godfather: Part III still retains the gorgeous cinematography and (mostly) fantastic performances from its predecessors but lets them down with sluggish pacing and a needlessly muddled script with bland, subpar characterization. 
6132  Reviewing "Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone":I loved this. I've never seen the original Part III and chose to watch this version first because of Coppola's insistence that this is the movie he original envisioned and I'm so glad that I did. I thought the story was engaging and I loved following Michael's journey as he struggles with his inner turmoil while now being in a similar position that his father was in the first film. The parallels between…  
6133 casting your own daughter in the incest plot line is a fun and interesting decision 
6134 51/100Second viewing, last seen during its original theatrical release. This time I watched the recent "Coda" version—aptly retitled, as Part III plays like one of those slightly crippling crime-must-very-explicitly-pay endings that got tacked onto Hollywood movies during the Hays Code era, only expanded from around three minutes to more than 2½ hours. (Rest of the review, along with everything else I write, available via ultra-cheap subscription. Seriously, it’s as little as $1 a month and for now that pays my rent.) 
6135 Ça commence bien 2021, tout de même, de terminer cette trilogie que je traine depuis vraiment (trop) longtemps; ça fait du bien à mon sentiment de closure. 
6136  For some reason I’d never gotten around to Godfather 3, partly it’s reputation and partly it’s just one of those movie blind spots everyone has, I have a boat load of them. Contrary to its reputation, I actually think this is a completely genuinely gratifying epilogue for Francis Ford Coppola’s familial epic saga. For me Michael Corleone’s story is concluded beautifully. He lives a life of legitimacy finally having achieved his desired goals, now recognised by the Vatican as a…  
6137  Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in. -Michael CorleoneI have defended this film countless times over the years but the fact of the matter is, no matter how much I might enjoy watching it, it probably deserves every critique thrown at it. It’s just not a great film.I know some make the argument that it’s not so bad if you judge it on it’s own, because really it’s not anywhere in the same…  
6138  This is good! Not only is it good, it's great! It perfectly ends the trilogy, leading to the only logical conclusion—Michael truly losing everything. It's about an old man who has to confront and pay for what he's done, who lives with regret and the inability to escape these regrets, whose past catches up to him and refuses to let him go, a man who wants to seek redemption and forgiveness but doesn't know where to begin. It's incredibly moving…  
6139 gamers always think they are opressed and have it bad. try being a part 3 apologist then, see if you can walk a mile in our clown shoes 
6140  There are flashes of the old greatness ("Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in"), but also jarringly clunky, klaxon-alarm-activating flaws that were completely absent in its legendary forebears ("Why does Sicily, such a beautiful place, have such a history of violence?") Where Parts 1 and 2 were masterclasses in understatement, Part 3 is more openly melodramatic, with characters just straight up announcing their thoughts more often than is ideal. Still, this feels like a harsh…  
6141 “Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment.”This should have been as great as the first two. It has a diabetic don, twin henchmen, death by eyeglasses... but the incest storyline dwarfs all of that for me. Even Sophie was skeezed out by it. 
6142  The question that was on everybodys lips regarding this film, including mine and still one I hear to this day...should this film have been made? Coppola himself said that he was rushed into making and finishing it, some of the cast refusing to return because as Duvall said at the time, the only reason they are making it because of the money. You could argue that this film was the precursor to the world of cinema we have now bloated…  
6143  Just when I thought I was out... They pull me back in.I think the main reason this film is so skewered by fans and critics alike is because it followed the heels of a film that would give it unrealistically high expectations. After 1979's successful Apocalypse Now, Francis Ford Coppola appeared to be having issues producing another success to match his three (four if you're like me and love The Conversation) crowning achievements. Granted, The Outsiders wasn't inherently awful,…  
6144  NOTE: This is for The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone.First time watching this cut of The Godfather: Part III and though I saw the original version almost two years ago, I do think that this recut is a bit better and improves upon a very good, but flawed, film. Even with the original version, I've never disliked it, but the (relatively minor) changes this version makes do help with the pacing and flow of the story, especially…  
6145 Of course this is not a bad movie, but compared to the other three of the trilogy is the weakest. There are some choices that I don't understand like the one on the character of Tom Hagen: completely deleted by this movie, we only know that he died of natural causes. A so important character treated like that... shame on you. 
6146 “All the power on earth can’t change destiny.”Underrated. At the end of the day the movie enhances our understanding and appreciation of probably one of the best fictional characters today Micheal Corleone and how that characters story ends. Vincent was really good in this I like how he gives the menacing energy that was missing without Sonny. One of my biggest complaints about the film is that at some parts feel like they just don’t belong in the movie from time to time for example, the helicopter assault. A big congratulations to Al Pacino for being amazing as always. 
6147 (Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: "The Death of Michael Corleone")I always liked III more than consensus, I don't know it well enough to compare it precisely with this recut version but it seems to flow better and more clearly than the original, or maybe I'm just better at following plots than I used to be. Standout scenes as always are the ending and Michael's stroke in the kitchen, shouting Fredo's name, both of which always make me tear up a little. Cent'anni, Francis. 
6148 Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.I don't know what you all are talking about. Winona Ryder's performance as Mary Corleone in "Mario Puzo's The Godfather Coda" is a true tour-de-force: she's practically unrecognizable in the role!Added to: Francis Ford Coppola Ranked 
6149  Should people be pulled back in on a new version of The Godfather, Part III?A few years ago I reviewed III; I've never held the opinion that this was bad, even when first seen by me more than two decades ago. It's just a shame that it isn't one of the best films of all time like the first two are. Last night (the same day it came out on disc) a trip was made to an AMC to…  
6150  I mean....it’s fine. In the shadow of the previous two films, of course it doesn’t stack up, but it’s not this monumental failure of a movie that many claim it to be. The Mary stuff aside, the movie isn’t half bad, albeit a bit long in stretches (especially the end Opera scene).  Pacino is quite good here as an older damaged Michael. I like the choices he made with the character. The film just needed to bring back Robert…  
6151  There are quite a few brilliant sequences in this film. Mostly they are the well orchestrated moments of violence or high drama. A lot of this is due to the experience behind the camera and the camera work itself. A lot of the rest of it is from the music.As a film, this just feels purposeless. The machinations it goes through to make a plot are laborious and the resulting narrative feels, at its best moments, like a dim…  
6152 Why was this movie made!Sofia's superb acting ruined it for me, i cringed so hard at the death scene. The two stars are for the story that stands on it's own and al pacino. 
6153 michael’s hair... this has to be a sick joke look how they massacred my boy 
6154  “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!”I feel like I unlocked some film viewer’s achievement this weekend by finally completing The Godfather Trilogy. What a series of films! And overall, an experience I’ll never forget. I’ll certainly be revisiting this series in the future just to relive the intense & visceral storytelling. But probably that’ll be awhile from now because of the beefy running times for each of these films.The Godfather and The Godfather:…  
6155 All Films Watched in 2020, RankedThe Godfather: Part III 062420 on Vudu:Forgiveness."I, uh... betrayed my wife.""Go on, my son.""I betrayed myself. I killed men. And I ordered men to be killed.""Go on, my son. Go on.""It's useless.""Go on, my son.""I killed... I ordered the death of my brother. He injured me. I killed my mother's son. I killed my father's son." 
6156 For every moment of genuine inspiration in The Godfather: Part III, there are just as many moments that come off tedious, overwrought, or unintentionally funny. The real dramatic heft of the previous two Godfather films is totally absent here, with this third entry feeling like an unnecessary epilogue to the series rather than trying to work as a successful standalone film. Al Pacino gives his all and the movie is handsomely crafted, but as this disappointing finale shows, Francis Ford Coppola was made an offer that he really should have refused. 
6157  "When I think I'm out. They pull me back".Muito mais do que apenas uma continuação, Poderoso Chefão 3 vai adiante do que é possível de se esperar daquele aglomerado de Hollywood, de dizer que o 3° filme de uma trilogia é sempre aquele que se detesta ou que não é suficiente dos dois primeiros, não. Consegue e vai além do que se reproduz. É um filme sobre amadurecimento e também sobre a forma como a família Corleone se situou…  
6158 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   79/100100 Years 123/646This film is flawed; not just minor issues, but ones that break your immersion of the film and harm many scenes throughout. Coppola is, unfortunately, as bad as people say she is(note: I will defend her death to the end, though, that is a perfect scene). Her disjointed and wooden performance rips into the fabric of many scenes because she’s so egregiously outmatched. Stilted performances can be great, but here the mismatch hurts the strength of…   
6159  I just watched the original cut; the coda version sounds intriguing but also seems like the kind of editorial kvetching where I'd rather watch the youtube video explaining the differences, as they don't appear to amount to much more than a hill of beanswould have loved to see wynona ryder as originally planned but sofia didn't deserve her crucifixion; I've seen worse performances by directors forced to the wrong side of the camera (although whether critics overcorrected by overrating…  
6160 159/200Still good, haters!consequenceofsound.net/2020/12/film-review-the-godfather-coda/ 
6161  There is a moment in Godfather 3 of literal and figurative redemption. Cardinal Lamberto tries to convince Michael Corleone to attend confession. “I’m beyond redemption,” Michael argues. “What is the point of confessing, if I don’t repent?”The Cardinal appeals to Michael’s cold business sense. “I hear you are a practical man. What have you got to lose?” It’s an impromptu moment, shot and directed with grace so painfully absent from the rest of the film. What begins as a…  
6162 o filme mais fraco da trilogia 
6163 I want to take melatonin so badly 
6164 Si yo fuera el primo de Sofia Coppola también querría chingarmela 
6165 If they are actually able to make The Godfather 3 a good movie I'll be blown away. I'm not sure how editing the film will fix the bad acting, but who knows?! Maybe they'll just take out all of Sophie Coppola's scenes. I'm really not sure what they're doing to try and fix this movie, but I'm still hypedEdit: This is a review for the edited version they are making. That was removed from Letterboxd so they changed my review for it to a Godfather 3 review. Thanks Letterboxd very cool! 
6166  This is my 200th watched film of the year!!! My 100th was the first Godfather, so it only felt right to watch this today. I will have a very special review coming soon when I watch 202 films (my goal for the year), because I will make some special thanks. Anyways, to the review!So I've finally seen the whole Godfather Trilogy. Feels good, honesty. Except, this one. It doesn't feel good. It feels good to have watched them, but…  
6167 I prefer Part 2 being the true ending to the series. It lacks any reason to exist, it’s plot is pretty scattered and at times can be pretty boring. Sofia Coppola’s performance is laughably bad and serves nothing to the movie except for the infamous incest subplot. Al Pacino was hit and miss in some places and some scenes were okay, but it’s a major letdown compared to the first two and how engaging those characters were. Also, not having Tom Hagen in the movie is already a bad sign3.5/10 
6168  Mir sind die Schwächen des dritten und zugleich abschließenden Kapitels dieser imposanten Mafiatrilogie durchaus bewusst und ich wehre mich auch nicht dagegen.Ob es einen dritten Teil unbedingt gebraucht hätte lass ich dahingestellt, ich hingegen interessiere mich schon wie sich die Figuren über die Jahre hinweg entwickelt haben könnten.Dabei aber lässt sich nicht leugnen wie teilsweise orientierungslos und unentschlossen so manches hier erzählt wird.Auch das Einweben teils realer Vorkommnisse wie den Tod von Papst Johannes Paul I der…  
6169  What do you want to say at the end of one of the most legendary trilogies. At the beginning you definitely notice that the ending was not planned but the longer the movie goes the stronger it gets and especially the happier it makes me as a huge fan of the trilogy that it was shot after all, because the character Michael corleone and the whole epic get a memorable ending. But let's begin with the start, where everything feels…  
6170  Film #4 of the 100 Degrees, 100 Movies ChallengeCommon actor from previous film: Diane KeatonPREVIOUS FILM: The Godfather: Part IINEXT FILM: Jackie BrownEasily the worst part of The Godfather trilogy, Part III offers glimpses of the masterpiece that was the first two movies but falls victim to its many flaws.First the good. Al Pacino, of course is amazing as Michael Corleone once again. Newcomers to the trilogy Andy Garcia and Joe Mantegna are both excellent…  
6171  Considered the lesser of the three, this is still a powerful film. The Godfather and The Godfather Part II stand alone as arguably the two greatest crime films ever made. Taking the story that one step further with Part III was considered a mistake by some, but still delivers a lesson in storytelling that most movies can only dream about. Epic, grandiose, and with a complex and sometimes convoluted plot, this tries desperately just like Michael Corleone himself to distance…  
6172  So... The Godfather Part III is not a baaaaaaad film, but when you're the sequel of two Best Picture winners, it's obvious it wouldn't hold up to those standards, much like Spider-Man 3 or the Matrix sequels (Revolutions to a lesser extent).Seeing a more mature and tired Michael Corleone, with Pacino's voice change that coincidentally fits so well with Michael's own regretful nature in Part III. As we explore his last journey for forgiveness and peacefulness before an attack…  
6173 Definitely the weakest of the three, but it would’ve been pretty hard to equal let alone top the first two. The incest was super skeezy, and Sofia Coppola’s acting is just plain terrible throughout most of it. Still love it though, especially when you add In Bridget Fonda, Andy Garcia, Joe Mantegna and Eli Wallach. I cheered when Marty Scorsese’s mom randomly showed up. 🎉Shout out to a pretty inventive way to kill someone- 🤓Had a blast watching this with Lou on the first day of my sudden 7 day post-vacation vacation. 🤒 
6174  Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.It's not bad, but in comparison to the other two, it's really sticks out like a sore thumb. It looks just as beautiful I'm many areas and, for the most part, the acting is just as good, but it doesn't feel like the slow-burn mafia-drama as the other two. This honestly feels more in line with something like Gangster Squad or a Guy Ritchie flick than Goodfellas or…  
6175 First viewing of Coda. It doesn’t elevate the film, but it provides clarity. 
6176 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  just retire bro  
6177  Trilogia: "Poderoso Chefão" (03/03)PT:"O poder desgasta aqueles que não o tem.""De que adianta eu me confessar se eu não me arrepender?""Eu arderia no inferno para deixá-la segura."Queda, arrependimento e luto.Com o fim dessa trilogia, temos o que pra mim é um ótimo encerramento com uma visão clara de que ao passar do tempo, os pensamentos das pessoas mudam assim como sua vontade de agir mas ao mesmo tempo o passado nunca é esquecido e…  
6178  Seeing the original version of this in the theater back in 1990, my friends and I glumly looked at each other as if to say, "Yup, you can't go home again." It probably didn't help that I watched I & II the day before, as I'm sure most of my friends did. Then there was that final scene, and when half the theater bursts into chortling laughter, you know that's not a good sign. As for Sofia Coppola, it's true that…  
6179  Coda cut.When this got released I really wanted to watch the theatrical cut first to see how they compared, having only watched it once when it was released (I think. Bar a few moments I remembered almost nothing about it, clearly dismissing it because of the critical response it got at the time).When channel 4 put the trilogy on catch up though I was excited to see this. It basically felt like a first time watch. As I…  
6180 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Tá, todos sabem que esse filme não se compara aos primeiros filmes, mas ele tem uma coisa que eu gostei muito, já vou chegar lá. O filme é lento e tira muito da personalidade dos personagens clássicos. A trama é entediante, mesmo fazendo sentido. Algumas atuações são bem medíocres.Mas os últimos 30 minutos são muito bons, todo o suspense para saber se Michael vai morrer é muito bem feito, a peça de teatro cantando ao fundo e toda a…   
6181  The Godfather Pt III is a great movie that happens to have a really big problem. I watched the new Coda version that was released for the 30th anniversary, and I have to admit, that it really doesn’t change much to make the film better or worse. I never hated this movie; it just happens that I feel that Sofia Coppola was a bad choice for such an important role, her line delivery was some of the worst I had…  
6182  The immediate problem that one will run into when attempting to follow up the first two excellent Godfather films that defined all of cinema is that the ending of the second film really didn’t leave much room for a sequel. Our main character, Michael Corelone, was still alive and kicking, and still relatively young. But his arc had been completed. We witnessed the absolute failure of the American dream as Vito Corleone’s empire rose up and eventually ruined Michael’s life…  
6183  Part III opens familiarly with a celebration and reunion amongst the Corleone’s, and then continues with rocky ups and downs that reveal it is in fact: a shell of its predecessors. Yes, following both The Godfather and The Godfather: Part II would be an impossible task for Coppola or for humanity to even fathom, but nonetheless I have these head-scratching moments to question. Unfortunately, this is the one time where an entry in The Godfather trilogy fulfilling its reputation/consesus is less satisfying. Part…  
6184  Der Pate III ist ein würdiger Abschluss der Don-Corleone-Reihe. Er kommt zwar nicht ganz an seine beiden Vorgänger dran, aber das ist Jammern auf allerhöchstem Niveau.Im Mittelpunkt des dritten Teils steht erneut der Charakter des Michael Corleone (Al Pacino). Mittlerweile etwas in die Jahre gekommen und gesundheitlich merklich angeschlagen, möchte er der Mafia den Rücken kehren und ein Ehrenmann werden. Die Geschäfte übergibt er schließlich an seinen Neffen Vincent Mancini-Corleone (Andy Garcia). Doch hier hat die Mafia auch noch…  
6185  Godfather movies ranked: boxd.it/byua4This is the worst Godfather movie because it lacked interesting story and charachters and i just wanted them all to eat an orange so we could be done with this shit. The story was actually not that bad but it was just too slow and boring. It was interesting to see how hard it is for Michael to escape the criminal world and how impossible it is for him to do legitimate business but the story…  
6186 Just when I thought I was out, the film pulled me back in. And just when I thought its magic had worked, it cast me out in disgust. 
6187 I’m going to come out and say it… I’m a the Godfather: Part III apologist. HOWEVER, in my defence, Andy García is sexy. 
6188  Finishing off The Godfather trilogy, Part III is by far the weakest movie, but it isn't all bad. Francis Ford Coppola's first movie released in the 90s is a minor improvement on the movies that came in the previous decade but still nowhere near the heights of his 70s run of movies.The story in this movie picks up when Michael Corleone is a much older person and it is a movie about regret and trying to make things right.…  
6189 Mark Wahlberg’s favorite of the three as it explores his dearest topic: the intersection of Catholicism and business. 
6190 no no you don’t understand, sofia coppola’s performance in the third installment of the godfather was actually camp 
6191 it’s actually pretty good,, if you don’t watch the last 30 minutes  🔨🔨 
6192 Had to rewatch before I try out Francis Coppola’s new version of this nigh-classic. I’ve always thought this was highly underrated and wrongly maligned. What I didn’t expect was that this hit all the notes for me that last years The Irishman was trying and (in my opinion) failed to place. 
6193  Besser als sein Ruf? Nun, der dritte Teil der The Godfather - Reihe hat bei mir nach dem Rewatch wieder für zwiespältige Gefühle gesorgt. Auf der einen Seite ist der Film nicht annähernd so dramaturgisch stark und so unglaublich fesselnd wie die beiden monumentalen Vorgänger, es gibt zum Beispiel wenig beeindruckende Performances von der Regisseurs-Tochter - und späteren selbst in diesem Fach brillierenden - Sofia Coppola sowie manch anderen hier beteiligten Schauspieler/innen. Auf der anderen Seite sind da stark aufgebaute…  
6194  Considering the ass rep this film as, I was kind of impressed.Considering how amazing the last two films were, I was kind of disappointed. The story was really disinteresting overall. The “gangsta” side of the story was very clunky and bland, but whenever Pacino or his ex-wife in the movie is on the screen, it is golden.The characters were alright. I really like how Michael was struggling with his past and was conflicting with his ex-wife. Him conflicting…  
6195 A continuation of the greek tragedy themes of “Part II”, told incredibly beautifully through the stellar cast (including Sofia), the breathtaking cinematography, and Coppola’s unique vision on the final moments of Michael Corleone’s life. I really don’t see how anyone could do any better with the film and quite honestly gave me “Twin Peaks” vibes. I wonder if this inspired Lucas with his prequel trilogy, I think it’s an incredibly beautiful film and a perfect way to end one of the greatest trilogies of all time. Seriously, this might be my favorite looking “Godfather” film, it’s so damn beautiful. 
6196 Rarely is the film’s IMDb trivia page is more entertaining than the film itself.Not an awful film, just a shame it’ll always be compared to the other twoSofia Coppola. Haven’t any idea how she could’ve landed a role like this but she was shocking and I’m sure she hasn’t gone on to do anything else in Hollywood since. 
6197  I watched the first two Godfathers before I watched this but I didn’t review them because effort, they’re a 5/5. I haven’t seen this in probably 10 years, I never hated it, I liked it just fine for what it was, obviously it’s nowhere near as great as the first two. I watched The Godfather III director’s cut entitled Godfather, Coda. I am not familiar enough with part III to tell the difference between the original and this version but I will…  
6198  ok yeah, that wasn’t good. It wasn’t bad or awful but it lacked heart. Now let’s not have heart be mistaken for nostalgia. There were a lot of moments you could see right through were just pumped through with little moments or lines that served no purpose but to make you think about the other two movies (mainly showed through with flashbacks/photos.)  my main problem with this movie is that it really lacked an arc for really any character.…  
6199  “I swear, on the lives of my children: Give me a chance to redeem myself, and I will sin, no more.”Not the full picture of its predecessors, but I do think The Godfather: Part III shines brightly in its own regards. It’s very much a product of a different time - as The Godfather and Part II were products of the 70s, Part III is a product of the 90s. Enacted in a much different style, tone and direction,…  
6200  Count no man happy till he dies, free of pain at last — after wiping away my tears, those words of Aeschylus’ chorus rang in my head as Coppola denies Michael a death, a freedom from pain, at the end of The Death of Michael Corleone, his official Coda. “There will be no forgiveness.” The door is shut on Kay at the end of The Godfather and the door is shut on Michael by Kay at the beginning of The Godfather Coda. That…  
6201  Al Pacino’s hair is deeply inspiring to me. Robert Duvall not returning should have completely shut down production. I would have paid him anything to come back. I also would have paid anything to replace Sofia Coppola as Michael’s daughter. Sry! (She apparently replaced Winona Ryder at the legit last minute due to illness.)There is a bizarre scene at the onset where her and Andy Garcia heavily flirt and reminisce about their first meeting when he was 15 and…  
6202 a dip in scale on the grandness factor, but damn part 3 still slaps. a fitting conclusion to one of the most amazing trilogies of all time. the scream that pacino belts at the end had me deep in the feels: culmination of 3 films, & one amazing ass role. all i can say is — what a set of magnificent motion pictures. 
6203  Revionism works best when the original iteration of the movie was compromised in some way. 'Heaven's Gate', 'Once Upon A Time In America', 'Kingdom Of Heaven', 'The Abyss', and 'Almost Famous' are all great movies that were somehow diminished in the form by which they were originally viewed by the majority of the public, before being restored to their full glory later on, when their respective directors no longer had to make their concessions to studio interference, time pressures, or…  
6204  Like many, I practically worship the genius of Coppola's first two Godfather films, and yet it took me this long to come around to watching the trilogy's finale. I let the less-than-stellar reputation of the film deter me, but with the new Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, I thought it an interesting idea to make Coppola's recut version of the film my initial exposure to the material. While the magic of Francis Ford's '70's duo of gangster flicks…  
6205 If this wasn’t preceded by 2 of the greatest films ever made, 70% of you wouldn’t have a problem with it. 
6206 ur going to hell for making al pacino hair that ugly 
6207 Young and incredibly hot Andy García hand in marriage when 
6208 When you go outside and smell that ZAZA 🥬 
6209  THE GODFATHER: PART III is the weakest in the trilogy but it’s not a terrible film and isn’t worth the serious dunking on that it has received. The acting is great (except for Sofia Coppola who is a much better director than actor) and there are some wonderful sequences. The opera performance intercut with the various assassinations happening at the same time was beautifully edited together. That alone makes it worth seeing. Note: I watched The Godfather, Code: The Death…  
6210  It took weeks of procrastination but I finally watched this. Let's just say it was definitely not worth the wait. My god it was so fucking boring. It lost my attention so many times and I just wanted it to end. I felt every millisecond of the almost 3 hour runtime. Although it was so slow painful, there were a few bits I liked. Any scene where something actually happened was allright. The helicopter scene, a few shootings and the…  
6211  I don’t think anyone actually believes this film was needed. Not fans, not director Francis Ford Coppola and definitely not the actors, who in the case of Pacino and Keaton were induced with considerable paychecks. Nonetheless, I’m a firm believer in cinematic object permanence, which is to say just because you wish a film out of existence (something so-called “Star Wars fans” love to do), doesn’t make it true. “The Godfather Part III” (or “The Godfather Coda” rather, which is…  
6212 Cartoon Al Pacino has absorbed the 70s powerhouse, Michael is a totally different character.Sofia constantly looks like she's going to bust out an Elvis impression. The atrocious Joe Mantegna stretches for his Baby's Day Out role. Andy Garcia was a thing. Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in.This new cut is a bit better, less Sofia more piecing together the bland Vatican plot. In all honesty Godfather 3 never stuck with me, like it’s good but who gives a shit. 
6213 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "When they come, they come at what you love."I just want to come out with saying I don't necessarily hate this film, it's just mundane and inconsistent in comparison to what I've come to expect of The Godfather from the first two films.I feel like this movie was doomed from the start. How was it supposed to compete with, or even match the first two films in the trilogy, which are widely regarded as the bests in all…   
6214  I had somehow never seen most of this movie. Certain scenes, sure, but not most of them, and certainly not in a set order. Sophia Coppola always gets killed for her performance as Mary, but she's mostly fine? Other than the final scene (bad time to be at one's worst, I know) she's pretty passable. Now Franc D'Ambrosio as Anthony Corleone is just a total lead balloon. No, my biggest complaints are the uneven pacing and that parts of the…  
6215  An older and wiser Don Corleone wants so badly to turn the family business legitimate, but things do not go the way he wants, at all...I know what people are thinking. Why do you grade this movie as highly as the first two? I discovered The Godfather and The Godfather Part II at that exact moment in time when I surrendered completely to my love of movies. They both were partially responsible for the formation of my cinematic soul.…  
6216  Concluding (Until I decide to watch Coda) The Godfather trilogy with 1990's Part Three. I know this one gets a lot of slack but I remember liking it when I first watched it. It wasn't as good as Part One and Two but it was still compelling so I wanted to see how I felt about it the second time around. Part Three follows an older Michael (Al Pacino), now wrecked with guilt over everything he has done, as he…  
6217 Surely, not at the level of the first two films. It's far away from perfect, but not that bad. It's just good. It had two masterpieces coming out before and it was difficult for it to reach those two. Great trilogy as a whole. 
6218 michael corleone flop era 
6219  I Betrayed Myself.The reason behind my rewatch of The Godfather Trilogy was the release of the new edit of the third installment: The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone.Where I wasn't too familiar with the original edit, I remember the film being to a lesser standard than the first, but this new edit treats the film as a much more sombre epilogue to the series rather than the 'third part' that was forced by Paramount.Coda does…  
6220  7/10This film wrapped up the iconic trilogy, but pales in comparison to the first two films. It has a number of problems. Firstly, the writing and acting were sub-par, especially when considering Sofia Coppola's performance. Secondly, it relies heavily on intertexuality and references to Parts I and II. Also, there's incest, and no one seems to care. Throughout its runtime, it's a fairly decent film. It fails to create as complex of characters and as captivating of an atmosphere…  
6221 Obviously not as good as Parts I & II, but the film had it's moments. And Sofia Coppola is a charisma vacuum in this, what a mistake in casting her. 
6222 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “But the higher up I go, the more crooked it becomes.”The drop off between the first two installations and this one felt significant yet this is still a part of The Godfather trilogy and deserves respect as such. I enjoyed the sweeping shots in the opening scene and the display of Michael’s struggle with his immediate family vs crime family, even flashing back to having Fredo killed. I thought the old-man makeup on Pacino early in the movie was…   
6223 "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in"Although The Godfather Part III doesn't ever manage to capture the classical and complex vibe of its predecessors, and further suffers from an unwieldy narrative structure, its elevated due to terrific performances from Andy Garcia alongside Al Pacino, and its fitting conclusion of a well developed central arc. P.S.: Thank God for Al Pacino and Andy Garcia, because this movie may have otherwise been a damp squib. 
6224  A pleasant surprise, despite basically repeating the formula of all the other films based on conspiracies to assassinate Michael Corleone. The film manages to bring good layers to a character that is already very complex and well developed, but it fails to develop the relationships between new and old characters known from the trilogy so well. In this film Michael is already much older, and much more concerned with the well-being of your family and your respective futures. Sofia Coppola…  
6225  I have heard The Godfather Part III described as the same as someone taking a piss on the Mona Lisa. I do not think it was NEARLY that bad, but this is a marked drop down from the first two films.People will say this Part III wasn't necessary, but I disagree I really liked seeing the conclusion of some of our character arcs here. I found this movie ultimately entertaining and action-packed with some heartfelt moments; however, it did…  
6226 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Yes, it's (by far) the least of the Godfather films but it does work better as it has any right to.Some of the criticisms are justified, like Sofia Coppola's surfer girl Mary Corleone and there's a big hole where Robert Duvall should have been...Though it's uneven Al Pacino holds the movie together as Michael. Because we know the first 2 movies so well, we get why Michael does what he does and we know the motivations behind most…   
6227  'You know i had a lot of girlfriends when i was 15 years old.''Eight year olds?''Especially eight year olds.'That's a real interaction from very early on in the film between the two central romantic characters, Vincent and Mary, who are cousins. I'm quite certain that during the production of The Godfather: Part III, Coppola was higher than the entire nation in the 60s and 70s combined.There's a truly superlative film somewhere in here but it never…  
6228 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Just when I thought I was out...They pull me back inPart 3, the delayed closing chapter to the Godfather saga, is framed from the outset as a tragedy. We see, in the first scene, the wrinkles carved across Michael's face, as though made by rivulets of tears. He is aged and infirm, like Vito, his father, in his final days. And, like his father's departing moments, Michael sits in a garden, awash in golden sun, lost in memory. There…   
6229  A bit too full of character and incident to fully come off, even at three hours, particularly in the last hour where some of the details of character and plot begin to feel rushed along. Most of its flaws are readily apparent and have been overstated in the nearly 30 years since the film's initial release. But beyond these deficiencies (and yes, Sofia is among them), it's difficult to adjust to this GODFATHER universe transferred to a context as modern…  
6230  WOW! I'd always heard that The Godfather: Part III was the worst of the trilogy, but until I finally saw it for myself, I had not idea had bad it actually was. Saying a film is the worst of a trilogy doesn't always mean it's a bad film. Obviously when you're talking about a multi-film franchise you aren't going to like or dislike them all on an equal level, but when it comes to The Godfather trilogy, you have the…  
6231  After having watched the first two parts, what I found here was a little disappointing. It's not bad, but it doesn't maintain the level of quality of the previous ones. The story goes back to the same point of family and passing the legacy on to someone else, but now it's Michael Corleone who goes through these dilemmas. It's cool to see how much he was affected by his own actions and the difference in his treatment of family members,…  
6232 okay. sure 
6233 WHAT WAS THE POINT? WHAT WAS THE POINT?! 
6234  The first hour and a half made me wanna get rid of the third disc in my Godfather box set, the last hour and a half barely enticed me into keeping it. The finale is what makes this film feel like it's an important piece of the trilogy, but the action sequences and new characters all feel so out of place that it ruins what could have been another masterpiece. Also, i really felt like this film would've been better…  
6235  I finally did it. I finally did the forbidden, unforgivable task of watching The Godfather Part III. And no, it was not bad at all. But it obviously doesn’t go anywhere near its predecessors. It’s just so saddening to think that if this was even remotely close to the first two, this trilogy would probably be known as the greatest of all time. But no. Instead we had to deal with two masterpieces in filmmaking, and a disappointment. I think…  
6236  Now that I got to see Mario Puzo's The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone today, and seeing Coppola's reflection on his flawed masterpiece, the film finally feels like an epilogue; the editing kinda bothers me , but the more focused story really makes up for it.But the altered ending is the bigger and better changes of it, leaving Michael with what he deserved.I don't know what to watch, but personally I would say "go watch the…  
6237  [CODA: The Death Of Michael Corleone]By trimming the length most of the this feels smaller and, in that sense, more intimate than its theatrical version.I always processed this as a desperate attempt to forgive Michael Corleone, coming across as ineligible, with characters like Kay barely allowing one confrontation prior to thank Michael for one act that Can almost erase an entire history of violence and manipulation, coercing their family into the business model, and only having coherence within…  
6238  I remember watching the GF trilogy for the first time at least ten years ago over a long weekend and I loved the first two but wasn’t into the third. And this was without having to wait years between 2 and 3.In fact when i rewatched the first two recently I had no intention of rewatching part 3. The memory of not liking it may have been false as I rated it 7/10 on IMDb it seems! So I…  
6239  Je viens de remarquer que les personnages tiennent souvent des oranges, mais il n'y a personne qui les mange, sauf Michael Corleone, dans un moment des plus vulnérables, avant de se confesser... Et il le fait un peu par dépit. À bien y penser, il y a des oranges partout dans la trilogie. Tout commence avec le sourire de Marlon Brando avec une pelure d'orange sur les dents.J'ai regardé la version Coda 2020. Je n'ai pas vraiment remarqué de…  
6240 What's Opera, Dad? 
6241  [The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone]Michael Corleone- “I did what I could, Kay, to protect all of you from the horrors of this world.”Kay Adams- “But you became my horror.”So goes the tragic arc of Michael Corleone. Under the guise of protecting and providing for his family, he allows ruthless ambition for power to turn him into something truly demonic. This is something the third Godfather always understood, but the changes in this new cut…  
6242 Coda version. I can’t speak for the original cut (I put off watching it due to the reputation), but this delivered for me in the best way. Moved me to tears/left me in awe. 
6243  I wish The Godfather series ended with The Godfather Part II. Well actually in my mind it did. Why is there an incest subplot? Al Pacino looked worse here with the sticked up gray hair in the 90s than he did in 2019 with Once Upon a Time in Hollywood. This is the extra bonus movie we got later. When I think of the third movie that doesn’t come as close as to the amazing sequel that would be The Dark…  
6244 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Alle guten Dinge sind drei. - Ein klares nein. Alleine wegen der großartigen zur Oper arrangierten Theaters-Scene und Al Pacinos (Michael Corleone) Schrei in den Nachthimmel Palermos eine Empfehlung wert.  
6245 I remember watching the first two godfather films back in 2012 when I was 8 years old. 3 years later I watched the godfather part 3 back in 2015 and after I watched the film I thought it was alright,and years later the third film grew on me and this movie is such a let down. I thought Francis Ford Coppola waited to long for the sequel and it didn't live up to it's expectations. overall very disappointing. 
6246 I imagined 1000 different ways this whole saga could end.Al Pacino ugly crying with a Mr Rogers sweater and a crew cut, was not one of them. The Godfather Trilogy podcast episode 
6247 this was actually pretty good considering loads of people didn’t like one. the only thing that i loathed was the two cousins loving each other too too much. it was hella weird. in all togetherness, this was great imo 
6248 A flawed, but still generally-good sequel that doesn't take anything away from the originals, but doesn't add a whole lot to them either. It's worth checking-out after watching the first two but just remember that it could never hope to live up to the standard set by those films after sixteen years.They didn't quite massacre my boy, they just downgraded 'em a tad. 
6249 way too much unnecessary dialogue, a laughably weird incest subplot & a painful number of reaction shots sprinkled throughout till the very ending but i still really liked it. really loved how atmospheric all the Sicily scenes are, so so good. glad that sofia stopped acting & started directing 🙏🏽 amazing trilogy overall but hate how bitter the ending is...need to watch the coda cut asap 
6250 every shot here is like a painting. andy garcía..... I'm looking at u respectfully....... 
6251 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “De que adianta eu me confessar se eu não me arrepender?”TÁ, SEGURA A ANSIEDADE PRA LER A REVIEW MESMO E VÊ ESSA HISTÓRIA AQUI KKKKKKKKEu tinha ido pro shopping ver “Madame Teia” e tals, aí quando tava fechando, eu fui embora pra casa dos meus avós que tinham ido me buscar, chegando lá, fui conversar com meu avô no quarto e falando que eu tinha visto “O Poderoso Chefão” recentemente já que é da época dele, conversa vai conversa vem,…   
6252 i want to throw up 
6253 "The mind suffers... and the body cries out"[The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone]You can't run from the past; you can't pay off your sins 
6254  I’ve held off for years. First two films are so grandiose & outsized in our ideas of what cinematic epics can be, it’s hardly fair to read the third as being in that lineage. So I’ve long thought. But that’s not really it.The Godfather Part III gets to be mediocre all on its own. If it always felt like the two could fall apart in their wild and difficult productions, this is what it would have looked like if they…  
6255 Not as bad as its reputation would suggest. Quite good even. The whole opera house sequence, for example, is excellent and a true highlight. Al Pacino's performance is great as well. Story-wise I got lost to be completely honest. It didn't help that I've seen this already because I couldn't remember a thing from it. Besides an helicopter attack. Sofia's performance seems to be the main complaint and I can see why. It's quite bad, and, at best makes you chuckle, and, at worst ruins an otherwise fantastic scene (the ending). I love Lost in Translation thought, so she's forgiven ❤️ 
6256 I am once again coming for the pacino and deniro fans bc andy garcia is truly the best part of the godfather series if you know what I mean 🥵🥵 like yes cousin vincent bite my ear….. oh yeah and the film was good 
6257  Completamos al fin esta trilogía y solo puedo decir lo que ya se ha dicho tantas veces: esta tercera entrega se queda muy corta en comparación a sus predecesoras. Creo que la razón por la que falla es el querer darle espacio a Vincent sin aún haber terminado de cerrar la historia de Michael, siendo este último un personaje que ya no tiene la misma presencia y ya no es el protagonista por excelencia; es cierto lo que dicen que…  
6258 The Godfather Part III is just as good as the other two parts, and I'm tired of pretending it's not 
6259 Honestly it ain’t THAT bad, obviously nowhere near the two masterpieces that came before it but still feels like a poetic ending for Michael. Andy Garcia was a pretty good addition aside from the incest storyline. Also got to listen to Nino Rota’s score again so it’s a win for me. 
6260 I watched the CODA cut, so I can’t really comment on how good the original release was, but I didn’t think it was as bad as its reputation. Part three is definitely less focused than the first two and I didn’t really care for how much time was spent with Sonny’s kid, but it was still a decent watch. I can finally understand that Sopranos joke now too! Also, Sofia Coppola has done way too much for my life for me to say anything bad about her performance, so I think she killed it :) 
6261  52 Years In 52 Weeks: 2021 Edition27. 1990-----------------------------------------------------------------------------Three films in and finally one of the Corleones is like "Man, fuck this crime shit! I am just gonna get a theater degree.".Michael Corleone is back and his empire is as unstable as ever. More corruption lies ahead and there are some troubles regarding the inheritance of the family empire. Michael's son wants to be an opera star instead and Michael's daughter is being a fucking weirdo who…  
6262 Whoever thought casting Sofia Coppola was a good choice:Big Mistake. Big. Huge. A three star goes for the final act, Siccily scenes, the everlasting magnificence of Diane Keaton, Al Pacino, and Talia Shire, and to a good enough direction from Francis Ford Coppola. Oh yeah, the chemistry between Michael and Kay never ends, it adds up to that bit of enjoyment. Everything else is a big thumbs down.Grade: C+ 
6263  This review is for the new version of the film, aka The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneI have only seen The Godfather part III once before, and it was quite a long time ago. So I can’t really compare the two versions, but I think this one is better for sure. It’s still CLEARLY the worst one of the trilogy, and it really isn’t a particularly great or interesting film. I watched this right after rewatching part II,…  
6264 I will fight anyone who talks shit about Sofia Coppola in this. Come at me 
6265 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneDefinitely an improvement over the theatrical release in its pace and momentum of the story. Not much about my opinion on the film has changed. Although I will argue the original ending montage is better. The Godfather trilogy and the story of Michael Corleone might be the greatest tale ever told in Cinematic history.I’m keeping the score for the film a 7 but for this review I’m giving it an 8 since I watched the re-edit 
6266 The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone should be a separate option on here 
6267 https://open.spotify.com/track/7e89621JPkKaeDSTQ3avtg?si=bNepW0MLTjW0kb85GsDJhQ 
6268 Nope.This one has me too disappointed to review it properly.Boo hoo 
6269 "I betrayed my wife. I betrayed myself. I've killed men, and I ordered men to be killed. No, it's useless. I killed... I ordered the death of my brother; he injured me. I killed my mother's son. I killed my father's son."This is easily the weakest installment of the film series. It has further proven the importance of good acting in giving justice to a well-composed script. Sofia Coppola, seriously? Overall, it's definitely not in line with the first two films in terms of quality, but it still works as a plausible epilogue to the chaotic Godfather saga. 
6270  1990 - Movie ChartsFrancis Ford Coppola wollte den Film nie Teil 3 nennen. Für ihn war dies ein Epilog zur eigentlichen Geschichte in Teil 1 und 2 und unter diesem Gesichtspunkt diesen Film zu betrachten hilft wirklich ihn besser zu verstehen und milde walten zu lassen.Auch wenn dieser Film aus offensichtlichen Gründen eher mit Teil 1 verglichen wird, so sind die Elemente aus denen die Handlung zusammen gesetzt ist deutlich ähnlicher zu dem was Michaels Story in Teil…  
6271  first, the obvious stuff: this movie is not and could never have been on the same level of the first and especially second Godfather films. Those were Coppola working at some of the heights of his powers and by the time 1990 rolled around, the magic just couldn't be recaptured. Second, thankfully Sofia Coppola has emerged as a fantastic film director as she sucks horribly, HORRIBLY as an actress. all that business aside and Godfather III is a clearly rushed…  
6272  This was the first GODFATHER film that felt like a Movie. And by that I mean, not so much a work of art, but a Movie (with a capital M), a total product of modern Hollywood. This is a movie my 8-year old self thought was a big grown-ups movie, and if I'd been an independent adult filmgoer at the time, I'm sure I would have spent a cold Christmas evening luxuriating in the adultness and the lushness of it…  
6273 Nice story about an aging man who is able to win back his wife and kids after reembracing his catholic roots. 
6274  Look... this film is unnecessary and we all know that. I look at THE GODFATHER: PART III in a lot of the same ways I look at EL CAMINO, primarily with the powerful endings of their predecessors. I think there's a certain level of mob mentality towards PART III as on one hand I see people on this site give it a decent score and point out various pros and cons, yet on the other hand, I see a lot…  
6275 Hahahahaha wtf happened???? 
6276 for the things I’ve heard i was expecting this to be horrible but (good news ???) it wasn’t. it’s not a bad movie and maybe not even a bad sequel (or not a very bad one) but it surely doesn't live up to its two predecessors 
6277 Fun Fact: Pacino broke his back carrying this movie.✅80%A-Buy it on Blu-RayFull Price 
6278 When I see Al Pacino's haircut in this : "Look how they massacred my boy" 
6279 I enjoyed this more then I was expecting. I never been fan of the 3 part. But this was good mybe because I saw it at the cinema. The performances were good and the story had me interested. But it’s not as good as the other 2 films. 
6280 Probably should have never been made. Definitely should have never been made with Sofia Coppola. 
6281  While i don't think Godfather Part III is as bad as some people make it out to be it absolutely suffers from being associated with the first two parts both of whom were so good it'd hard for any third movie to get even close to them. Having said that it also suffers from Coppola's nepotistic decision to cast his daughter as one of the main characters. Al Pacino as well as the rest of the original cast and Andy…  
6282  Full disclosure -- I'm not one of those cinephiles who considers the first two "Godfather" movies to be among the most supremely excellent works of filmic art ever created. The first installment is quite accomplished, I have to acknowledge, but the second tried my patience, and I was put off by Al Pacino's understated performance in Part 2.All that having been said, I'm going to propose another hot take -- Part 3 is actually pretty good. Sure, it has…  
6283 THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONECoppola said this new Cut gives the movie a new life, I agree. The title suggests this film’s main focus is concluding Michael’s story, the theatrical is ambitious but this prioritizes our lead into the tragedy he has befallen and the path for redemption is not one money can buy. 
6284 A certeza de que é uma obra-prima. 
6285 To be honest, I don't know why I haven't watched the third part until now. I kind of always thought it wasn't a really good film, after all, Part I & II are both absolute masterpieces.But I was wrong. Part III isn't as strong as its two predecessors, but it's still a damn good Mafia film and a worthy (but not perfect) ending to the Corleone saga in my opinion.I'm really looking forward to the new cut of the film, which will be released in December. 
6286 *regarding the announcement of Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone*...just when i thought i was out, they pull me back in 
6287  Forget the convoluted plot, subpar writing and unironic incestuous vibes (incest is nothing new in stories, guys). The biggest crime of this crime drama is that there are no characters! I am never immersed in the drama because all I see are the actors, not the characters they're playing!There's no Michael Corleone, only Al Pacino (that's why the "they pull me back in" quote is infamous, coz it's full-on Pacino)! No Kay, only Diane Keaton! No Don Altobello, only…  
6288  Every girls dream is to star in her dad's 3 hour gangster film where she gets to have an incestuous relationship with her cousin. Duh!For real though, I feel bad for Sofia Coppola. It's hard to chew the scenery and "emote" across the likes of Al Pacino and Diane Keaton, let alone make out with Andy Garcia who is playing your first cousin that you have the grossest hots for. Yikes!Easily the worst of the trilogy, I'm sure…  
6289  Francis Ford Coppola's multi-Oscar-nominated drama in which an aged Al Pacino attempts to make ‘the Family’ legitimate - but rival clans have other plans. Also starring Andy Garcia, Diane Keaton and Sofia Coppola. The third and final instalment in the Godfather trilogy concentrates on Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) who chooses to put a conclusion to all the unlawful activities his relatives are embroiled in. He decides that his nephew will be the replacement of his empire, however, the mob declines…  
6290  The trilogies that began and completed in the time between Godfather part 2 and 3:The original Star Wars trilogy Original muppet trilogy Back to the future trilogy Indiana Jones trilogy And even the three Monty Python movies.Personally, I didn’t hate this movie. It’s nowhere near the legendary status as the first two, but I don’t think it’s as terrible as people make it out to be. It’s is very messy though. The acting is a bit iffy at…  
6291 O alinhamento assombroso que Coppola encontra entre seus temas e a mise en scène, aqui mais depurado que nos filmes anteriores, bem como toda a sequência final da ópera, cuja construção dramática e cênica denuncia ao mesmo tempo um rigor matemático e um rebuscamento quase delirante, são o suficiente para me convencer que este é o meu preferido dos filmes da trilogia. 
6292  The hell with people that bitch about this movie. "They never should have done it" "Sofia sucks" Shuuuuut up! This third installment is almost perfect to me. Michael Corleone trying to buy his way into legitimate business and maybe buy his way into heaven via the Vatican City wheelers and dealers. Garcia is balls out great as Vincent, Sonny's son and Michael's successor. If it wasn't for Pesci competing for the Oscar that year my money was on Andy to…  
6293 Arguably Pacino and Coppola's finest hour. So many great scenes:* Michael's confession to the Cardinal, framed with flowers;* Michael and Kay walking around Sicily and later talking about their past;* Michael convincing his nephew to play the double agent with their enemies (so many layers of truths inside lies and lies inside truths) * Michael makes his nephew the new Don - the more things change...;* The entire sequence at the opera, and that sad finale, maybe the best thing Coppola has ever made;Maybe what disappointed people was a gangster who is old, weak and full of regret? 
6294  "You take the good, you take the bad, you take 'em both and there you have the facts of life! The facts of life! There's a time you got to go and show you're growing, now you know about the facts of life! The facts of life! When the world never seems to be living up to your dreams, and suddenly you're finding out the facts of life are all about you! It takes a lot to get 'em right…  
6295 like watching the surviving beatles do a shitty cover of tomorrow never knows 
6296 I actually forgot that I watched this. So I’m writing this review in the evening when I watched it this morning. I think that says a lot about this. It’s very forgettable and unnecessary. It’s not bad it’s just bland as fuck. It’s the godfather but without everything interesting. Al Pacino is still good but it doesn’t feel like Michael Corleone 
6297  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone VersionI’m quite surprised I enjoyed this as much as I did. I remember hating it my first go around because of how incredibly different it was compared to the other two. It’s just too easy to say it doesn’t live up to the first two but what exactly are we expecting here, for it to be just as good as two of the greatest films of all-time before it? I eased…  
6298 ♫ i like...old movies...like the godfather...three....it's not considered the best one....but that's just me ♫ 
6299  I think watching the trilogy in quick succession definitely impacts how this film reads. I had seen the first, but not the second, and this was my first time with the third. It's *a lot* to take it, no doubt. I found this one the least engaging but not without its qualities. Andy Garcia gives an incredibly charismatic performance (couldn't help but feel he was a mix between Soprano's Christopher + Gilmore Girls Jess...) Unfortunately I couldn't get behind Sofia…  
6300  I really don't understand why people say [The Godfather Part III] is bad. I thought it was a great movie. I can place all three Godfather movies in the same tier without a doubt. Of course, the first movie is slightly better than the second one, and the second movie is slightly better than the third one. But the third one isn't as bad as some people say. It's a perfect end to a perfect trilogy. I only blame myself…  
6301  DVD Watchlist / WATCHLISTMovies I'm Embarrassed I've Never SeenFrancis Ford Coppola * Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, the newer edit and restoration, is available on Prime and I began to watch it but opted for the original instead, the edition I had on disc; I’m sure I’ll watch the former soon, so to make a comparison, but I felt it necessary to see the original initially. *While it’s not of the same quality compared…  
6302 Look how they massacred my boy (film series) 😭*One of the worst sequels ever made and they took 16 years for it.*It is literally unbearable.*There are only two parts of The Godfather for me.Period. 
6303  okay just here me out for a sec:this isn’t a bad movie, it’s overall pretty decent. the fact that this is a godfather movie is why it’s not so good. the first 2 movies are a few movies that come close to being perfect, and flowed together so well as if it was one long moviepart 2 ended perfectly, and sure you could make a third movie, but no matter how different it was from this there was…  
6304  1990 RankedPhysically Owned FilmsWay better than its reputation, The Godfather: Part III is a great film that gets buried under its own flaws. Sofia Coppola's unfortunate performance is distracting and a complete failure considering the pivotal role she plays. The script bounces back and forth from brilliant and cliche driving an uneven tone, but it's also the little misses that add up. Some awful makeup at the worst time, an incest plot line, and a real hole left…  
6305 Haven’t seen the original cut all the way through, but I just saw the Coda cut all the way through. A man being forced to relive his previous experiences with a soul that feels that pain that comes from his actions. Living with your mistakes. An experience that is the anthesis of your whole life. A world that hates your story and wants you to suffer from your soulless actions. Live with the regret while you can. This movie hates and loves the previous movies. Cinema dammit!! 
6306 “If anyone’s gonna fuck my cousin, it’s gonna be me, out of respect” 
6307  Porfin acabe la trilogiaNo entiendo porque la gente la desmerita tanto, es una buena película, entiendo que la parte 2 cerró muy bien y pudo quedarse hasta ahí pero esta.. esta entretenida asu manera. Tal vez el guión es muy inferior a las otras 2 pero en aspectos técnicos se sigue manteniendo la esencia de la saga en general.El final te deja mal y creo que lo que más amé de esta tercera parte si duda alguna, eso…  
6308 The best end to the tyrant 
6309  The Godfather: Part III -------- 1990Second time viewing here. The first time I had ever seen this one was all the way back in 2006 (about 2 years after I had seen the first one and only a few months after I had seen the second one).To be honest, Even though I have only seen this movie twice, regardless of the question of this movie is the same league as the first two ( to be fair to…  
6310  The Circle closes again..."Mary: Dad, I want this to bring me closer to you. Michael: I would burn in Hell, to keep you safe."Coppola returned 16 Years after "Part II" to salute an enourmous Shit-Storm with his final Chapter of "The Godfather"-Trilogy and I make no big Mystery about the Fact, that I'm apparently one of the only People on Earth who can gain something from "Part III"... the Problem is, I get the Hate."Just when I…  
6311  this movie was REALLY wearing my patience thin for a while and borderline irritated me, but i gotta admit it got me in the end. i ate everything up involving michael and his search for redemption, i even liked the slice of life scenes (when he got low blood sugar! i felt that babes!) aside from him, the imagery during the opera was what got this movie to 3 stars for me. ffc was so insane for all of that,…  
6312 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Al final del Padrino Michael se convierte en El Padrino.Al final del Padrino 2 Michael piensa si valió la pena ser El Padrino.Al final del Padrino 3 Michael muere sólo... Ver esa evolución de Michael, su ascenso y descenso es la razón por la que me encanto esta Trilogía. No puedo hacer mas que agradecer la existencia de este producto que ha influido demasiado en el mundo del cine. Mi experiencia viendo El Padrino fue una en la…   
6313  Original Title: The Godfather: Part IIIYear of Release: 1990Genres: Crime; Historical Drama; ThrillerDirector: Francis Ford CoppolaWriters: Francis Ford Coppola, Mario PuzoMain Cast: Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Andy García, Eli Wallach, Joe Mantegna, George Hamilton, Bridget Fonda, Sofia Coppola, Raf Vallone02/05 of Francis Ford Coppola from The Great Directors Challenge (5x40): 2021 EditionThe original Godfather film is one of my absolute favorite films of all time, and instrumental in my journey as…  
6314  My feelings towards this movie are summed up by the scene where they try to make a touching moment out of the depressing drawing Anthony made in Part II. Way to miss the point, can't believe it were the same writers.Apparently consensus on this is that it is not as good as the first two but still a good movie. I do not think it is. Sofia Coppola's performance on its own doesn't derail the movie, yet it shines…  
6315 Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone EditionFrancis Ford Coppola (Jack, Twixt) re-edits this film with the intention of making it better. He does not succeed. It’s actually just a little bit worse because with all of the rearranged scenes, it’s more difficult to know how much running time is left. Plus, any other director would have killed Michael’s daughter in the very first scene if they wanted to make this a better movie. 
6316  “just when i thought i was OUT, they pull me back IN”even though the above quote is so iconic that i’ve known it for years even though today was the first time watching the film, the film itself isn’t anywhere near iconic. i wanted to love this so badly even though i know it has a bad reputation but i just couldn’t do it.. al pacino is great to watch but the film as a whole kind of bored…  
6317 No me han cuadrado muchas cosas.Al Pacino, sublime.El personaje de Sofia Coppola, insoportable que me sacaba de la trama a cada rato... 
6318 nem o clássico poderoso chefão se livrou de decair na sequência. de longe, o mais fraco da trilogia, mas com certeza não chega a ser ruim. 
6319 What the FUCK did they do to Al's hair??Who did this???????? I will fuck you up 😤😡 
6320  ☆”Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.”☆So it's been a great set of back-to-back-to-back nights seeing all The Godfather films, from the iconic first on New Year's Eve, to the impeccable second part that might be just as perfect, and now we'll finish with Part III, the misunderstood and wrongly maligned conclusion to the epic trilogy.Now now, I am NOT -- well, you already saw the stars I “gave” the film, so no…  
6321  This is not a Godfather movie.I’ve seen the first two films three times each, but this was my first experience with the infamous Part 3. I’ve read several reviews on this app that say this is the perfect addition to the universe, on par story wise with the original, and even a great conclusion for this character. My opinion isn’t greater than anyone’s, but my god did we watch the same film?? This feels like the furthest thing from…  
6322 More than Sofia Coppola’s acting, the bigger enemy of this movie is its convoluted plot!This is a great film individually but sadly in real world, remains in the shadow of its two mind blowing predecessors. 
6323  Francis Ford Coppola’s Godfather Trilogy is cinema at its finest form. Nothing will ever top the exhilarating feeling I have felt after watching these three films.I do not understand why the Godfather Part III gets so much hate? It’s better paced than the first two films it’s (in my opinion) better than Part II and has one of the best endings in cinema.I never thought anything could top Gladiator as my #1 and going into this movie I…  
6324  This was like Creed except Rocky is Michael, Donnie is Vincent, and Adrian is still alive and is Rocky’s sister...I did it, I finally convinced myself to watch this movie. I gotta admit, it has its moments. But the bad outweighs the good, and the runtime didn’t help at all.Don’t get me started on the incestuous relationship between the two new characters (who I am not fond of by the way). What was that for?Notable things I…  
6325 was going to make a joke about young andy garcia being my new best friend but his character is so gross smh 
6326  First time viewing of the Coda Cut. I never had a problem with this film the way that many seem to. Having revisited parts 1 and 2 recently, and feeling rather lukewarm towards them, the obvious reason that part 3 was never this piece of shit in my eyes, was that I didnt hold the others in such high regard. Part 3 was on television a lot back in the 90's and if it was on, I'd usually sit down…  
6327 Again Phenomenal movie incredible way to end greatest movie franchise ever. 
6328 what were the coppolas cooking? 
6329 well thank god sofia coppola became a director 
6330  The Godfather: Coda...I saw The Godfather: Part III in the theater in 1990 as a Coppola loving seventeen year old. Even then, though I wasn't able to articulate why, I knew there was something off about the film. It's not that it was terrible. It just didn't manage to maintain any of the feel that the first two gave me. It felt like a knock-off. Nor did it seem to fit correctly in the world Coppola had created in…  
6331 Coppola leaning in too hard on the kissing cousins in the commentary relishing in how "naughty" it is and having to sit through so much atrocious Joe Mantegna; why did the superior Joe (Spinell) have to leave us so soon.Very annoying going back to this cut of the film. 
6332 It’s fine. Not nearly as good as the first 2 but it’s not terrible. I don’t know, I didn’t hate it. I don’t have much to say. There is one (unrelated) thing I would like to say though.Next watch 👀 
6333  Nowhere near the levels of the first two. The story is much harder to parse, with banking secrets, Vatican intrigue, and traitorous dons all blending together in an unclear mix. Scene-to-scene it’s ok, but the overarching stuff gets a little muddled—however, you can still get a vibe of what’s going on, so you’re not totally lost. Andy Garcia is great as Michael Corleone’s new protégée, bringing a lot of charisma to the screen. And look, Sofia Coppola has had years…  
6334 "الصداقة والمال.. كالماء والزيت"بحكم اني شفت الثلاثية بشكل متتالي وهذا الجزء اشاهدة لأول مره الحقيقة في فرق مرعب بين هذا الفلم واول فلمين، تشعر وكان كل من عمل على أول جزئين فقد لمسته هنا وهذا شي غير مستغرب بحكم هذا الفلم صدر بعد 16 سنه من الثاني. بعيدا عن الأداءت التمثيليه التي لا تليق باسم العراب ابدا ولا حتى مسار القصة نفسه الذي لم يعجبني شخصيا لكنه قدم ختام حلو لاحد علامات السينما الفارقة مع العديد من الحوارات والاقتباسات المميزة كما عودتنا السلسلة. 
6335 Al Pacino really does a great Silvio Dante Impression 
6336 Coda 
6337 Meant to log this when i saw it but couldn't find it then - either way this version hit so much harder than the original and even though i still have big issues with the entire concept of this film I'm taking it for what it is and that's just an incredibly well-made piece of work that shows a different phase in the lives of not just the characters but also the filmmakers. I really enjoyed watching this and I think Coppola did an amazing job re-editing it (especially the end) to make it have more to say, emotionally, with fewer words 
6338  (original cut) Not bad, just not particularly great either. The first two instalments had made me so hungry, and so I savoured this one with a bowl of pasta and a nice Chianti (not just for the quote, I couldn't watch the Godfather with a bottle of French red, could I?!) - and it was a perfectly good night in. My friend and I concurred that the film was rather slow and unclear in character motivation at first, then improved…  
6339 You want creamy goodness, I'm your friendSay hello to my chocolate blendAttica, hoo-wah, latte liteThis whole trial is out of sightThey pulled me back in with hazelnut, tooCaramel swirl... I know it was youEveryone wants my DunkaccinoCan't get enough of my DunkaccinoKids from seven to seventeen-oLining up for my Dunkaccino 
6340  Michael : "Vincent make your peace with Mr. Joe Zasa"Vincent : *yummy i'm gonna bite his fuckin ear off....Imo i think the godfather just should finished in godfather II , and The Godfather III should not have been made. The acting was a little.... You know bruh, People was judging Sofia Coppola acting, i think yeah that's terrible sorry. But Pacino imo he still good in this movie. Keaton was such a drag throughout the entire movie. The…  
6341  This is my first time watching Part III, retitled with Coppola’s new cut as Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, so I can’t compare the two versions. If this is the better one, the more definitive version that Coppola always wanted, I can only imagine that the original cut must have been pretty brutal. As it stands, I found Coda to be a slog to get through. It has some of the worst elements of these legacy sequels that we…  
6342 [at the best picture winners table]the godfather part i and ii to part iii: you can't sit with us. 
6343  What The Fuck, FrancisWow. This was an absolute waste of a conclusion.This is honestly one of the worst and most disappointing sequels I’ve ever seen. It was a huge wasted opportunity. It’s also probably one of the worst and most disappointing conclusions to a trilogy that I’ve ever seen. It’s a weird trend where the third is always the worst one, and I can never understand why that needs to be a thing. And it’s weird that they…  
6344 I was gonna give this like a 6/10 but then I remembered it’s a Godfather movie. Yikes. 
6345 “ Never hate your enemies , It affects your judgment . “ -‘Michael Corleone’ • قد يكون هذا الجزء أقل فنيا من أول جزئين لكنه فيلم ( تسعيناتي ) عظيم ،، وخير ختام للسلسلة مع صرخة Al Pacino الأسطورية والخالدة في نهايته ،، وفي الختام نتساءل هل ستأتي ثلاثية تنسينا عظمة { العرّاب } وحليبه الذي شربناه ؟ أنا لا أتوقع ذلك أبدا ! .  
6346  The third and final film of Coppola's Godfather series ends with a bang. It holds up really strong within the trilogy and I feel currently is underrated. Before seeing this film I thought this film wouldn't hold up as everybody seems to say that The Godfather Part III is horrible or lackluster. I completely disagreee as I feel this film is incredibly strong. Yes the film doesn't have that feeling of a period film because it isn't. It's more contemporary…  
6347 Although the goal was to recreate the magic of the initial two instalments, the innate aspiration was to mimic the formula that had led to the previous two iterations being unparalleled triumphs; but regrettably, the drive was lacking, the kind of vision necessitated to not surpass but at least measure up to the excellence of this series was absent. 
6348  The Fredo of the trilogy, let’s be real. Whilst it does have some redeemable aspects, notably Pacino’s performance and the editing in my view, there’s not much good that features in The Godfather: Part III. It honestly feels like a Godfather reunion episode, which can’t help play the theme tune at every moment for the sake of nostalgia, that’s written by Tommy Wiseau. This is one of the worst scripts I’ve ever had to listen to and endure, with horrible dialogue…  
6349 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   A watched Coppola's new edit, The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, with a kinder mind than the last time I saw the original version. It made me want to watch the original edit for a side-by-side comparison. Godfather III was always meant as a coda to the first two films, which told a complete story, and Coda benefits from emphasizing that distinction.My new assessment: Sofia is OK but not good, far from the worst Hollywood nepotism case…   
6350  Some may say that the amount of times the word “legitimate” is said in this movie is enough of a reason to bring it down a half star. Sheesh, Michael, could you be any less of a parrot? Rant time. First off: The Godfather Part III is a screenwriting bomb! The dialogue is concernedly mediocre if not at times genuinely appalling. Examples…“Hi, Vincent. I remember you.” – MaryWell, considering you know his name, I would assume so…“I…  
6351 youtu.be/bzblLkTJJmM 
6352 I mean, it’s still good I suppose. But not nearly as good as the first two. The story was a little too convoluted and the tone was off. I’m not sure I liked the ending either.Still, you have a lot of the cast returning, including Al Pacino, who gives a great performance. I liked Andy Garcia as well.I thought Sofia Coppola was horrible. Easily one of the worst parts of the movie. Nepotism at its finest. She’s redeemed herself though by turning to directing. 
6353 The Corleones, I'll miss you all😩♥️♥️♥️Best trilogy I've EVER seen. 
6354  It’s hard to really judge this film after watching the first two because of how legendary they are. This one just couldn’t hold up against them.We all know about Sofia Coppola’s infamously bad acting, but it’s more the fault of her father for putting her in that role to begin with. Then there is the simple fact that an incestuous relationship isn’t going to play well no matter what the reason. I also found the storyline to be very…  
6355  So I watched the original cut of the much less loved conclusion to Michael Corleone's story before the re-edited version, just to get an idea of what disappointed everyone. Sure you can note some similarities to the first movie in the way Michael's story is structured. There's a party scene that establishes the current situation of the family and the movie's conflicts and there's even a point where Michael ends up weak in a hospital while a young person steps…  
6356 sofia coppola <3it might be hard to believe but, unfortunately (or fortunately), i don't have much to say about this film.....i loved Sofia Coppola, like why on earth everyone bullied her saying she couldn't act???? stoooop! anyways, i just don't understand why this film was even made in the first place:/ not bad, but also compared to the previous films is just............especially the ending!! it was slightly goofy vibes mixed with me feeling extremely emotional, because what was the reason ?????? 
6357  And here we are with what is possibly for most people, the biggest cinematic trilogy let down ever committed to film, not necessarily a sentiment I would add my voice to the chorus of but nonetheless I can understand this disquiet over this much maligned third part of The Godfather trilogy, the animosity felt towards this film and the furore kicked up by it's shortcomings back upon release is well documented, I think in response to it the cast and…  
6358 CODALarge improvements. Better beginning and pacing but the ending, while better in some ways, clips some additional footage that would have served the film better. Frustrating that it almost almost stuck the landing but didn't, and you know the content was there. 
6359  -"I did all i could to protect all of you, from the horror of this world"-"But you became my horror"Me vi la versión de 2020, la que está titulada en Netflix como "La muerte de Michael Corleone", creí que eso me había spoileado todo, pero parece que solo fue a medias...Ni de chiste es tan buena como las primeras 2, pero mala no es; si toda la película fuera como el tercer acto estaría mejor valorada.La…  
6360 Sofia Coppola‘s acting is incredibly awful, and I am so glad she went on to direct movies instead. 
6361 Upon this rewatch, it’s not terrible in the way my kind keeps thinking it is when I think about it. It’s just when you compare it to Part 1 & 2, it isn’t as good. But it’s still a pretty good movie. But also doesn’t quite have the same feeling that both Part 1 & 2 give. 
6362  So I caved sooner than I thought I would and subjected myself to Part III. I approached this film with as open a mind as one could possibly have. Rota’s main theme never fails to hold your attention at gunpoint, and the ominous tracking through the dilapidated state of the Corleone’s Nevada residence was a killer opening to pick up Part II’s engulfing darkness right where we left off. Shortly after, however, Part III loses most of what made its predecessors…  
6363  Watched the Coda cut.Not as bad as I remembered. A lot of good stuff here that deserve credit. However everything to do with Sofia Coppola made me physically cringe. If Winona Ryder went through with the role and the incest subplot got cut, this film would be significantly better since the emotions rely on Mary Corleone so much.The first time I watched this, I didn't have the eye for cinematography as I do now so I really appreciated…  
6364 sofia baby PLEASE just think about this 
6365 [Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone edition]I've seen the original cut of TGIII three or four times but not for a minute. I remember the last time thinking, "This is pretty flabby." However, while watching the new cut I thought, "This is pretty taut." I can't really distinguish what was cut though. I would love to see a "Before Sunrise" edit where it's just Michael and Kay walking around Sicily for a day and talking about their lives and love. 
6366  “Just as I thought I was out, they pull me back in!” Well, The Godfather Part III is exactly what I expected it to be. It was a disappointing conclusion to a trilogy that could have been named the best of all time. Today was a confusing day and this film was is one of the reasons why. This wasn't a necessary movie. I wouldn't say it ruined the previous films for me but it did lower my score a…  
6367  Watched on Blu-Ray Francis Ford Coppola had not actually intended to make a third film about the Corleone story, as he felt that the story was finished with the end of the second part, but a series of commercial failures in the 1980s forced him to take another look at Michael Corleone and his relatives. Coppola was not really satisfied with the final result, even though "The Godfather Part III" received positive reviews, he wanted to film the script version…  
6368  Watched: Coda - The Death of Michael Corleone.Seemingly produced to rectify three key issues that FFC had always had a problem with that I oddly didn't, this remains a single watch curio, like the Alien Directors Cut, never to replace the original and superior version in my future viewing history.While ten minutes shorter than the original version, the key changes are that change in title (apparently being sold as The Godfather Part III was putting too much pressure…  
6369 the first two godfathers are near perfect films for me and this story felt weird to come back to.my mum and i agreed to watch this together and her reactions were hilarious.here’s some abbreviated:“it’s the godfather of course there’s gonna be guns”“there’s the big gun scene”“i’ve got goosebumps”“how longs left”i didn’t like sofia coppala and andy garcia’s storyline it’s just wrong and the ending wanted it to make me feel bad, it was amazing to see michael show his pain but not for her. 
6370  "i betrayed myself"i finished it! i finished it, mom! i finished it, dad! can i call myself a true cinephile now? lol like bojack horseman said: "...it’s fine. it’s fine. i mean, it’s not fine but, you know, it’s… fine". what's not fine was sofia coppola's dreadful acting. thankfully, she moved to a better profession — directing (tho i cannot say i'm a fan, i haven't seen much of her work). sadly, that's not the only bad thing in…  
6371 It’s good for all of us that Sofia Coppola decided to become a director rather than stick to acting 
6372 Watched the Coda re-edit.Fantastic, novelesque. Thrilled that I never had to see the "bad" version.What lucky timing to finally decide to watch the trilogy. 
6373  Yeah, it stands a little pale compared to the first two. I thought it nailed the ending though, which I guess was the most important thing for this film to achieve, even if it did feel a little rushed. It was a pretty tense and emotionally painful final 30 minutes or so to watch. The overarching story of this trilogy was definately a lot more tragic than I was expecting too, and all the better so. And while this film…  
6374 *Sobbing in real pain, thinking about the saga*Look how they massacred my boy 
6375 Es decir, no es un mal final, pero ya había uno, y era perfecto.El Padrino 3 es como las otras 2 anteriores, pero hace todo peor. Y es muy frustrante que Coppola haya hecho esto, se siente extraño, carece de alma. 
6376  La más floja de la trilogía pero su aire intimista y como Michael y su familia van cayendo en pedazos hace que no pueda odiar esta película. Su final a mi me fascina, ese grito primero vacío y luego ruidoso de Michael que estuvo toda la película lidiando con su culpa, con su pasado, con todo lo que lo llevó a estar en la cima de la mafia para proteger a su familia y que irónicamente terminó, posteriormente en perder…  
6377 Gahdfather 3 : Revenge of Hell*In a heart breaking scene Al Pacino watches Godfather 3*In the 1970's Francis Ford Coppola became one of the world's most acclaimed directors, with Godfather 1 and 2, The Conversation, and Apocalypse Now. Four of the most universally hailed movies of all time.Then with Godfath3r he destroyed his entire reputation and career. 
6378 Quisiera decir que me gustó menos de lo que me gustó pero no fue así.FACT: Si me preguntaban quién había dirigido esta película yo hubiera jurado que fue Sofia Coppola, cuando vi que fue Francis entré en un shock mental extrañísimo —Seguro es obra del Efecto Mandela (?—. 
6379 good movie actually 
6380 “Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone”Marginally better than the original version. This just makes me want to rewatch part 2 more than anything 
6381  THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEA beautiful recut of Coppola's coda to the story of the Corleone family. The great strength of the new cut is that it really focuses the thematic core to be more about Michael seeking redemption for him and his family as he rots away from the inside after a lifetime of moral transgression. This is so much more compelling than the primary theme of the theatrical cut being this idea of levels…  
6382  The one strength of this misguided and difficult film is it's ending. That Michael is forced to actually experience grief as a man for the first time since he entered into his father's business. He doesn't get vengeance, he doesn't get even, he suffers. It's a poetic end.The problem is everywhere else. Everything is a shadow of what came before. I think the core behind a lot of the film's failings comes in it's release. The film takes place…  
6383 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I have so so many thoughts. — I started sobbing at the montage of michael dancing with mary, apollonia and kay. Still crying😃👍 damn it’s been a long time since I’ve cried watching a movie.— growing old and guilt really made michael softer and kinder. I wish he was like that when kay and his children were still with him.— there’s nothing more romantic than a divorced couple bonding together again. Michael and kay’s conversations in sicily <3 …   
6384  Sofia Coppola, you are not cinema. 🚪 Gente… não tinha um ser humano pra avisar? Não sei o que odiei mais, essa Mary o filme todo com fogo na x*** pelo Vicent (que mesmo sendo compreensível, eu achei desnecessário) Ou terem tirado o lado frio e calculista do Michael. Pra mim isso devia ser considerado o oitavo pecado capital! Inacreditável essa Sofia Coppola ter interpretado a Mary quando a atuação dela era digna de Malhação, e olhe lá… I hate…  
6385  Michael struggles to break free from a life of crime, but his dark past continues to haunt him. He grapples with internal conflicts and family conflicts, and faces betrayals that threaten to destroy everything he has built. Additionally, he finds himself in conflict with his own values ​​and principles, torn between the desire to... Power, wealth and his conscience that refuses to give in to injustice and corruption. The film offers a deep look into the world of organized crime…  
6386 abbojee’s choice everyone shut up, this wasn’t even that bad.definitely weaker than part 1 and part 2, but a good end to this series !!love you al pacino <3 
6387  Der Pate Coda Der Tod von Michael CorleoneStimmen ertönen im Saal. Die Musik zieht Menschen harmonisch in den Bann. Das Letzte Stück neigt sich dem Ende zu.Menschen jubeln voller Freude und Euphorie mischt sich wieder einmal im großen Applaus hinein. Nichtsahnend, dass es wirklich vorbei ist. Das Werk ist abgeschlossen. 20 Jahre sind vergangen nachdem Der Pate Part II erschienen ist und eine perfekte weiterleitende Fortsetzung zu Der Pate bot. Nicht nur hat er seinen Vorgänger mit Respekt…  
6388  Enfim, uma das maiores trilogias da históriaÉ um filme muito mais arrastado, sendo que ele é o mais curto da trilogiaMas ainda sim tem seus bons momentos, é muito bem atuado pelo Al Pacino e o Andy García; o maior problema é a Sofia Coppola, que mesmo com pouco tempo de tela, ela consegue estragar com sua atuação ruimO momento final me pega demais, atuação muito boa do Al Pacino que se simplesmente fez um dos melhores…  
6389  ⚠️ 58%2nd Watch | CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE | Francis Ford Coppola RankedThis is a review of the CODA edition, but if you want to see my review of the theatrical version, then click here. I don't think I will ever watch The Godfather: Part III willingly again. I have watched both cuts of the film, so I don't think I will need to watch this again. I said this in my previous review, but I…  
6390 if this movie bad, why Vincent so hottt? 
6391 really bad compared to the first two movies 
6392 Watched The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneIt's definitely better than I initially gave it credit for. There are definitely a handful of amazing scenes and performances that make the movie well worth a watch. The set-pieces are, by and large, excellent, while Michael's confession is a touching piece of drama. Coppola more generally directs with the conviction and dignity you'd want from a Godfather sequel and the tinkering he makes in the new cut is largely a benefit. But the movie amounts to less than the sum of its parts.More to come. 
6393  Nicht so schlecht wie erwartet, aber auch nicht so gut wie erhofft."Der Pate III" ist ein Film über den kaum geredet wird. Die beiden Vorgänger sind zurecht zwei der gefeiertsten Filme aller Zeiten, der dritte Teil wird einfach todgeschwiegen. Das war auch mit der Grund warum ich erst jetzt dazu gekommen bin Teil 3 zu schauen. Einerseits ist die Länge natürlich einschüchternd und andererseits habe ich größtenteils sehr viel negatives über diesen Film gehört. Und ja, Teil 3 ist…  
6394  Casting problems: Diane Keaton said all she needed to say in part 2. Her presence in the part 3 added nothing whatsoever. We learn from her dialog that she will always love Michael but that she will never accept his gangster ways. Yeah. We learned that in part 2. George Hamilton as the lawyer/ confident. Lame. Sophia Coppola as Mary. She comes across like a dull-witted 16-year-old that doesnt know a thing about acting but thinks it is fun to…  
6395  Following my rewatch of The Godfather Parts I & II I finally pressed play on the final chapter of the franchise. I’d heard it wasn’t even worth watching, didn’t do the first two movies justice, etc. but it was a solid part three! Maybe one of the most complete, succinct trilogies I’ve ever seen! People are haters. I liked watching Michael start to reap what he’s sewn in a life of organized crime, although it’s difficult to see his family fall…  
6396  This movie didn’t need to happen, it didn’t need to be made. There was no need to wrap up the story of The Godfather with this. Sure, I had some questions after The Godfather II, but some questions are better left unanswered. This didn’t have to be almost three hours long, but it was. They didn’t have to do such a lousy job with the script, but they did. Sofia Coppola did not have to be in this, but of…  
6397  A dança com a primeira esposa. (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yXNPvdHqXlXVV_1UYLTFSdHKbMlCfMOQ/view?usp=sharing)A dança com a segunda esposa. (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yKJJM_vqNRPSTRJdYdEaTsA6UKLWMHiQ/view?usp=sharing)A dança com a filha. (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yO94jsNTccKz7JccUABGBcf_nzB_fnXO/view?usp=sharing)E, por fim, a dança invisível com a única companhia que restou: a morte. (https://drive.google.com/file/d/1yfAoUMhdPGDF_2FUyljdGEy42hPZGAGP/view?usp=sharing)"No imóvel ponto do mundo que gira. Nem só carne nem sem carne.Nem de nem para; no imóvel ponto, onde a dança é que se move, Mas nem pausa nem movimento. E não se chame a isto fixidez, Pois passado e futuro aí se…  
6398 It’s all fun and games until someone legitimizes the bastard. 
6399  Watched The Coda Version:The Vatican angle is still confusing. You understand the beef between everyone but it’s still hard to comprehend wtf immobiliare is without googling.I’ve always thought Andy Garcia was excellent and wish we got to see a part where he runs the family.Sofia Coppola (who I LOVE as a director) is still awful in this but I don’t blame her; it’s on her father. If Annabelle Sciorra got the part then I think it could’ve…  
6400 MEU DEUS MICHAEL VDD QUE VC SOFREU MAIS QUE JESUS NA CRUZ?TE ODEIO FRANCIS COPPOLA SEU CANALHA TADINHO DO MICHAEL FICOU TODO ACABADO NESSE FILMEE AINDA BOTARAM O TONY RAMOS COMO UM CORLEONE EU NÃO SABIA SE TAVA ASSISTINDO UMA NOVELA DA GLOBO OU UM FILME PQ JESUS O CAST INTEIRO DA GLOBO NESSE FILMEAL PACINO KING VC NÃO MERECIA ISSO TE AMO VIDÃO VOU REASSISTIR OS OUTROS DOIS E FAZER DE CONTA QUE ESSE NUNCA EXISTIU 
6401  The story is really good and works excellently as a coda. However, there are moments that can be described as excessive—there’s a lot less restraint here in terms of thematic emphasis and interpersonal connections. Some of the relationships are highly questionable and the end result is rather overbearing. The operatic approach is pretty cool, but it doesn’t fit so well with the tone of the other films. The acting in general is a major step down from the heights of…  
6402  The biggest problem that The Godfather Part III has always had is that it isn't parts I and II. It always has been an excellent picture, if not quite the medium redefining masterpiece of either of its predecessors. Then again, maybe it was never fair to expect that of it. It's an excellent film and that is its greatest problem, although Sofia Coppola's performance and how it was regarded never helped either. Its new version, now known as The Godfather…  
6403  Original cutCoppola hit it big in the 70s with the first two films. I don’t think it was possible for this film to life up to its predecessors. And it’s sad when a film’s negative reputation exceeds the product itself. This film is may not be perfect but it’s a fitting conclusion to quite possibly the greatest multi film storyline ever put to film. And can you really blame Sofia Coppola? She was very reluctant to take on the…  
6404  (I guess we're just filing these THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE under PART III?)Here's one thing Coppola's re-edit drastically improves: all of the Vatican intrigue. The actual *plot* of the film feels much clearer now than it did in the past. Here's one thing it *can't* do: Make the central, agonizing loss of the film resonate more strongly by replacing the actress who represents that loss. I don't blame Sofia Coppola for being bad in this…  
6405  honestly i don’t understand why this epilogue for the godfather films is so undervalued. maybe because it’s too harsh, or because it seems to strip the past films characters from some of their glory, like a counter argument that’s just too strong and easier to ignore. unlike the other ones this one is very much the opposite of exciting as the story only gets increasingly tragic and the ending is just the last nail in the coffin.this film focus…  
6406  "he's your  first  cousin."  "then i'll love him first" -an actual quote from the godfather part iiithis movie is hot garbage and it makes me sad :((from the incest to sofia coppola's acting, i cannot stand this film. 
6407 COVID-19. Self-quarantine movie watch #255.This one isn't great as the last two ones but I still enjoyed it and the story was cool.Andy Garcia is probably the best thing out of this movie! He is hot in this too.P.S 😩😩I finally finished this goddamn trilogy so that my dad can stop saying that I can't judge movies without seeing this trilogy. 😫😫 And holy fuck I'm exhausted. 
6408  Honestly, The Godfather: Part III was doomed from the very start. Not only did this release almost two whole decades after the masterpiece that is the second chapter in this trilogy that released in 1974 but nothing about it ever feels like it's essential to the story at all, never really feeling like it adds much of anything to the Corleone family or this world in any significant way. Al Pacino does his best with the material he's given and…  
6409  This is a very good comedy movie and a very bad end to the Godfather trilogy. If you want a movie to watch to drink to and make fun of put this in the rotation. Somewhere between Godfather 2 and 3 Pacino went from serious actor to cartoon Pacino. If this wasn't almost 3 hours long I could almost excuse it but, being in the rare position of having watched all 3 Godfather movies in a marathon without breaks I can…  
6410  While rewatching Francis Ford Coppola’s seminal Godfather Trilogy I’ve been struck by how deeply it dwells within the same contrast of gang violence and Catholicism that Martin Scorsese is known for. Part III is the most substantive on that front, not just in the way it weaves its fictional tale into the real-life rumours and workings of the church at the time, but in compelling visual details: Connie and Vincent planning murder in a hospital chapel; a statue of the Virgin…  
6411  It has a semi-decent ending, but it's mostly because it uses the theme from Raging Bull and conspicuously evokes memories of an infinitely better movie. The whole thing feels like an amateur student film daring to continue the narrative that just so happens to have the exact same cast and crew. I admire that a good deal of thought probably went into this, but the fact that the arc of Part II is somewhat nullified doesn't do it any favors,…  
6412 Awesome ending, awesome lines but the movie itself, the biggest MEH if ever there was one. 
6413 i mean its not a bad film but its a bad godfather film.compared to the first two films this is disrespectful 
6414 First time watching the "Death of Michael Corleone" cut, which is indeed a bit better than the original theatrical, though for the most part what I wrote in my Dissolve review is still true: visually splendid but a near complete botch in terms of dialogue, performance, place-setting and story. thedissolve.com/reviews/788-the-godfather-part-iii/ 
6415  Since I had seen (and adored) the new cut of The Godfather: Part III back in April, I decided to check out the theatrical version of the film for this rewatch. The film definitely has more sluggish pacing compared to that tighter cut, but boy oh boy is it still absolutely incredible from beginning to end! It's so intricate, so brilliantly put together, and rooted in tragedy. I think I will definitely watch the whole trilogy together from now on,…  
6416 Really wanted to like it a lot more. Not terrible but not as good as the other two. That ending though... now that was good 
6417 I had HOPES. Life would be meaningless without them. I thought Francis is going to give us a Christmas miracle. The Photography is as good as the others, the music, the production design, the bad script, the bad acting OH the cruelty of having your HOPES dashed.See for yourself, ask yourself- How bad could it be? 
6418 Andy Garcia’s Vincent Mancini becoming The Godfather is the equivalent of Shia LaBeouf’s Mutt Williams donning Indy’s fedora in Krystal Skull (thank god he didn’t!) 
6419 The Godfather Coda: The Death Of Michael Corleone.Es la misma pelicula con pequeños cambios. Inicio y final diferentes. Nada del otro mundo. 
6420 CODA fixes problems with pacing & clarity & elevates the often unfairly maligned third installment. Talia Shire & Andy Garcia remain the film's MVPs. 
6421 Can I get my 162 mins back ... 
6422  "Top 10 of 1990 Selection"The Godfather Trilogy"Finance is a gun. Politics is knowing when to pull the trigger."Francis Ford Coppola The Godfather Part III had a lot to live up to, the concepts of the film was interesting, and the story nicely ended the tragic story of Michael Corleone. I won't go and say that I didn't like The Godfather Part III, but this is not at the same level as the other two, there was a…  
6423 People kissing Andy Garcia’s hand and calling him “Don Corleone” might be the worst moment in cinema history. 
6424 this film is very misunderstood and not as bad as everyone says that it is. sofia coppola i love you and you were gorgeous in this film but please stick with directing 
6425 “When the Sicilians wish you Cent'anni, it means for long life… and a Sicilian never forgets,” 
6426 comparando ele com o primeiro filme nem esse é nem o segundo chega perto, mas eu gostei bastante desse a única coisa que eu não gostei foi o casal de primos, mas não me incomodou tanto e acho que a melhor parte são os minutos finais, são super tensos e o final super triste. 
6427 Part 3 was surprisingly pretty good despite what I've heard. You know what isn't and is absolutely disgusting? That scene where Sofia Coppola handles food with her cousin without washing her hands. Nasty, they should be ashamed. Oh and the incest was pretty bad too. 
6428 after reading everyone’s reviews, I was preparing myself for the worst like some kind of disgrace to the trilogy, but um… this was perfectly fine! I mean was this movie necessary? no maybe not, but was it still enjoyable? hell yeah!! 
6429 Every time I rewatch this, I think that it might magically be good this time around. It never is and will always suck. But, if this movie was never made and never made all that money, I don’t think 1992’s Dracula would exist. Dracula is right up there with the best of Coppola. So, I guess Godfather 3 does serve some other purpose than completely letting down everyone who enjoys this series or anybody else who appreciates film. 
6430 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “I swear, on the lives of my children: Give me a chance to redeem myself, and I will sin, no more”/ “Juro, por la vida de mis hijos: dame la oportunidad de redimirme y no volveré a pecar”I had not seen it in its entirety since its premiere at the Cineteca Nacional in Mexico City, accompanied by my parents. At that time, I had NOT seen I and II, so I was between confusion and the enjoyment of direct…   
6431  "Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment."I decided to check out the alternate cut, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE, and...yeah, it's still not a very good movie.To be clear, I don't think this is an egregious film as some make it out to be. I don't think it tarnishes the entire legacy of the saga, nor does Sofia Coppola deserve all the flack that she has always gotten. In fact, there's a lot of good stuff…  
6432 Every family has bad memoriesJaw dropped at this ending. Can't think of a better or more punishing end than a gunshot to unleash all the horrors of this series, encapsulated in a moment of evicerating pain (Michael and Kay screaming real terror into the air, suddenly death is real.) All the ghosts of those you loved and lost return in your final moments to ask "what was it all for?" Don't dread me anymore 
6433 Not having seen the other 2, and experiencing my manic recaps of the movies after I had revisited them at the cinema, Steph came along for the lolz.Although she found Al "very attractive" she fell peepies and thought his sister was his second wife, (i quickly explain about the extra first wife in Sicily) which like that wouldn't be weird in this cause the cousins were fucking. 
6434 Less of a trilogy closer and more of an extended epilogue. Much of the mafia maneuvering feels like an afterthought, though the big set pieces still sing (heh) and the interweaving of the mob with the Vatican is key, tying everything back to the real heart of the matter: the lingering grief and regret whittling Michael down to a human being who is able to be hurt again. Slacker and more stilted than its impeccable predecessors, sure, but when it works, it fires on all cylinders. I don't expect to forget the ending anytime soon. 
6435  “He’s your first cousin!”“Then I’ll love him first...”I still refuse to believe that this line was said. Sofia’s acting is not good but not too awful like how some have claimed it to be. Some parts just felt unimportant although you can’t deny that its still technically well-made. I couldn’t even watch this in one go compared to the other two films which I devoured much easily. I think one factor to that is we don’t get the…  
6436 I'll only really get wise in the grave 
6437 [coda] i fell asleepnr/10 
6438 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  me watching the godfather coda: the death of michael corleone waiting for michael corleone to die: 👁me when michael corleone doesn’t die and it was just a metaphor: 👁👁  
6439 Theatrical CutI liked and admired what Coppola was going for, it’s easily inferior to 1 & 2 but separates itself managing to stick out (for better or worse) from a trilogy that is known for some of the best filmmaking ever. I’m excited to see the new cut since supposedly they fix stuff, but overall good film, doesn’t deserve the hate. 
6440 THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEPeople were too hard on Sofia. The film’s only real flaw is that George Hamilton is nowhere near a sufficient replacement for Robert Duvall. 
6441 Coda: The Death of Michael Corleonein many ways this film seems to be equating big business, organized religion and even...crime?I had never seen the third Godfather film and this new cut seemed like the perfect chance to dive in. What a SPECTACULAR and tragic conclusion to the Corleone family. 
6442  Thank God this is actually something you can log on this site. Letterboxd should do this for more Director’s Cuts, aside from just this and the SnyderCut.Anyways this new cut of the third Godfather film doesn’t, to my slight disappointment, raise the material to the same level as the first two films, however I think this time the disappointment isn’t nearly as bad and that’s in part to the name change. I think we as cinema goers often overlook…  
6443 goddamnit 
6444  The essence of the first 2 films are gone. The spirit of Godfather 1 & 2 are gone. It looks like a typical gangster mob drama. Michael Corleone's character has changed, unlike in the first 2 films. The intensity of the first 2 films are gone. But the design is still great and all technical aspects. The acting in the film is just felt different from the first two films. I can't help but to compare because this is a third…  
6445 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather Part III is formed entirely around the assumption that we want Michael Corleone's story to have a happy ending tacked onto it. In a sense, Michael's ending isn't happy--he loses pretty much everyone near and dear to him. The problem is that this already happened at the end of Part II. There was no need for this third film except to redeem Michael's character. When he dies at the end of this film, he's not the ruthless, heartless…   
6446 The acting is good and the story is partially interesting, but the pacing is so off, The Godfather: Part III is too slow and it really hurts the film. The first two films were enough. 
6447 The Godfather is a cult Film for ever The Godfather part 2 its Magnificent The Godfather part 3 its meg lazy 😔 
6448 Took me two years to watch part 3 and honestly it wasn’t as bad as what everyone makes it out to be. The entire opera performance and the deaths happening simultaneously and what follows after that was honestly kinda genius. I love her films now but Sofia Coppola had the emotional range of a rock. 
6449 O resultado finalizado, agrada e desagrada, toda atmosfera criada com os antecessores continua vigente, mas com menos impacto, mas não deixa de ser uma obra excelente e com o grande poder e teor do cinema. 
6450 Not a bad film but it's pretty weak because of it’s narrative and it doesn't have the vibe that the first two had so that makes this Part III, unfortunately, a disappointment. 
6451 Al Pacino should of won an Oscar for The Godfather Part 2 
6452  Ich glaube, mehr als 15 Jahre habe ich gebraucht, um endlich mal die finale Motivation aufzubringen, Teil 3 anzuschauen.Ich bin allerdings sehr zufrieden mit dem Film, auch wenn sich Teil 3, wie erwartet, nicht mit seinen Vorgängern messen kann.Einige Szenen erinnern schon recht stark an die vorigen Teile (wenn ich darüber nachdenke, dann sind alle "Der Pate"-Filme ähnlich konzipiert).Oft liegt der Fokus auf Michael Corleone's Vergangenheit: es werden Schauplätze der Vorgänger besucht, Konflikte nochmal angesprochen usw.. Das…  
6453 Junior Varsity compared to the first two for sure, but it's not unwatchable. I mean besides Sofia Coppola who seems to be in a different movie. I really do love this crime world Francis Ford Coppola has created and I'm always pleased to enter it, but this one is certainly lacking. 
6454 "The Godfather Part III" definitely does not hold up compared to the previous two beautiful works of art, but man is it a well done film. 
6455  Last night after the Super Bowl I had the free time to watch a long film so it was the time for me to rewatch a movie I had seen before but the last time was years ago. Some movies come off as worse after the passage of time or are seen as worse by me compared to when I saw it in my youth. Likewise, films can be better due to the passage of time. This is a movie…  
6456  Mary Corleone: «I'll always love you.»Vincent Mancini: «Love somebody else.»- Coppola delivers a «How-to» in painful dialogue writing.I recently watched Trail of the Pink Panther, and it's really tempting to name this one Trail of the Godfather. It would be somewhat rude to do so, because there are bits and pieces of good filmmaking hidden in here. Nevertheless it feels just as unsatisfying as the former film, like it lacks the main character.All sequels has to…  
6457  Of course this is no where near as phenomenal as it's predecessors, but it's was hard enough making gold strike twice. Did you really think they can make it strike a third time? Sure this has evident flaws everyone jabs at this film (Sofia Coppola's wooden acting for starters) and this does'nt grab you and pull you back in like the last two, but if you allow yourself to simply watch a family you've come to love through two films…  
6458 Sofia COPPOLA was unmatched in her performance. Take that as you will. Lol 
6459  Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneCatching lightning in a bottle, and being able to follow an energy, and nothing short of pure intuition, both within tight constraints, and pure freedom, when everything was going right, to only be suddenly be followed by 1 and 1/2 decades of everything going wrong; so what are you to do when forced to return to the thing that made you? Think as big as drama can go; beyond the operatic. A level of…  
6460  85/100Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone Although I always had my reasons as to why I've always said The Godfather Part III doesn't measure up to the first two masterpieces, this Coda doesn't add to the legacy of the trilogy, nor to the legacy of the third film. This is merely a project that provides some closure for Coppola after 30 years of not having been able to execute the vision he had in mind…  
6461 not entirely sure why this threequel is so maligned. i guess people were either expecting a timeless classic like the previous two (which this doesn't try to be) or a cool and slick gangster movie like Goodfellas, which premiered three months prior. regardless, all of the usual critiques didn't bother me much. the romance was fine and garcía was good (so was copolla, btw), the plot wasn't as complex as the other two, contrary to the complaint that it's convoluted, and what really shone was pacino's performance as michael. it's a very depressing epic, one that neatly compliments the narrative of the series. 
6462 Meh.The worst part of the movie by far is Sophia Coppolas performance. The best part is when she dies.Meh.One of the many problems with this movie is that fact that 90% of the scenes have ADR. And 100% of the ADR is laugh out loud horrible.Meh. 
6463 Unlike part two, I don't think this one can stand on its own. But overall, it is a decent film and I enjoyed it. 
6464  Film #26 of my February 2016 Scavenger HuntTask #18:A hugely influential trilogy with all 3 gaining Oscar nominations and wins (#3)letterboxd.com/martinjacob49/list/the-movie-kings-february-2016-scavenger-hunt/Honestly, I really have no idea what to think about The Godfather: Part III. On one side, I have to commend Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo for having guts to continue the Godfather legacy after so many years of leaving audiences perplexed at the end of Part II. But then, you watch the final product, and…  
6465 Uggghhhhhhhhhhh... After a lifetime of denial, I finally took the plunge, and a big wet noodle plunge it was. I don't want to be too down on the film, because the great Gordon Willis still shot a mean picture, and the fleeting eruptions of violence are chillingly well done, but still, it should not exist, and I will continue to live as if I never saw it... yet that last shot is branded into my scalp like a Holocaust tattoo. The loudest, smelliest fart, that last shot. 
6466  this movie’s cardinal sin is not being a transcendent cinematic masterpiece. it’s not a bad movie, but when you’re following two of the greatest films ever made, “not bad” doesn’t quite cut it. there’s a sense that no one quite knows what they’re doing here or why. the end of the second film is as brilliant and complete a conclusion as you could hope for — what could a third installment possibly add? not a lot, it turns out. the…  
6467 This was the Coda one. I watched the whole thing. After rewatching the trilogy, this is the only one that didn't improve on the second watch. 
6468 look how they massacred my boy :( 
6469 “Politics & crime, they’re the same thing.”Yeesh 😬 why was one of the prominent characters in this named Zaza? I liked this movie more when Scorsese made it. I’m referring, of course, to his late career masterpiece from 2019: Goncharov 
6470  75(Me ví la versión coda del 2020)Overall es una película buena y que finaliza la trilogía de manera decente.Sentí que hubieron muchas subtramas inecesarias como todo lo relacionado con el Vaticano y la relación entre Vincent y mary que se me hizo muy irracional, pudieron haber mejores obstáculos para su desarrollo más que una relación amorosa turbia.Tampoco me enteré mucho de quienes eran los antagonistas a partir de la 2da mitad, creo que no los presentaron…  
6471  Desnecessário, visita saudosista aos dois primeiros gloriosos filmes depois de quase duas décadas, extensão do que já estava enterrado; esses tipos de comentários, que certamente revelam um mau gosto de quem os proferiu, não chegam aos pés de dizer que este filme não está ao nível dos dois primeiros ou que Coppola estragou a trilogia. Principalmente porque estes últimos pensamentos citados são falsos e de uma curiosidade intrigante, e os primeiros, apesar de serem proferidos com má intenção, não são…  
6472  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneI love how Coppola views his Godfather movies, perfectly describing parts 1 and 2 as the full story and tragedy of the Corleone family, meanwhile part 3 is the epilogue. The end of Part 2 in which Michael legitimately kills one of his own family members hangs over this movie like a dark cloud that won’t escape. Despite the fact that Michael has turned the family business mostly legit and is on…  
6473 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (2020) Francis Coppola revisits Godfather III but doesn’t change much except the order of some scenes. It’s still a better movie than it was given credit for being, and Sofia Coppola is notably better than she was condemned for being. It’s not a great film by any means, but it’s not too shabby. 
6474  (The Godfather Coda from the 4K Ultra HD Trilogy Collection)A tighter version of the original because of much needed narrative clarity provided by opening with the Vatican scene which originally appeared around 40 minutes in. But also a less emotionally impactful version because of the strange decision to change the ending which I thought was perfect. The perfect world would be the Coda version with the ending of the original. It was hard to tell what was changed besides…  
6475 First time with the theatrical cut and yeah, no matter the version, this is my favorite entry in the trilogy. Sure it's not a perfect film like the first two, but that's part of the charm for me. 
6476 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  What did this achieve? Aside from showing us how Michael dies, this movie adds basically nothing to the already perfect saga of The Godfather. Narratively, this has absolutely no reason to exist.But listen. The movie in itself isn’t THAT bad, it’s (mostly) decently acted, shot competently, directed competently and scored pretty well. It’s just such a shame that such a mediocre movie had to end off what would have been a perfect saga.3/5  
6477 michael deserved a better ending then what ever the fuck that was....its wasn’t a BAD movie itself but like compared to the other ones it kinda sucked :( i liked the scenes where michael showed kay around Corleone, Sicily tho and i LOVED the flashback scenes :( 
6478 Alright, this is one of those movies that years will pass without watching and I’ll think to myself, “you know what...it’s not that bad.” And it’s not, but it’s not great. There are definitely parts that are glaringly bad, but there is some good stuff too. I finally checked out The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone and found it to be slightly better than the original cut, but not significantly. 
6479  Part 3 has some of the best moments in the series, namely the confession scene and honestly all of the last 45 minutes, but man there’s a lot of dull and uninteresting parts in this movie. It also has the painfully awkward and weird incest subplot that has no business being here. Everybody knows that Sofia Coppola was pretty bad in this movie, and while Pacino was good I didn’t really feel like I was watching Michael Corleone at times. None…  
6480  Alright I put this off wayy longer than I should've, and I don't blame myself.It's not actually a bad film. It's actually a decent film, but compared to its prequels, it seems worse than it is. I feel like every element, which made the first two films so great, was just a bit weaker (apart from the soundtrack - that still slapped!); and this must've had an impact on the whole picture. And wtf was that incest subplot -…  
6481 Coda VersionNot as good as ‘Part III’ but still great and definitely more cohesive. Love that Coppola got to share his vision. The ending of this beautiful saga really makes you askWas it really worth it? 
6482  watched the CODA cut...for the record, I’ve never had a problem with Sofia. her flat monotone and Valley Girl mien effectively convey what the Corleone name looks like circa 1980: moneyed, privileged, Americanized. the initial problems I had with this movie were 1) the impenetrability of some of the plot elements (like the “Immobiliare,” a vaguely defined MacGuffin corporation); and 2) what I thought was some inconsistent, uncharacteristic behavior by some of the principles.the CODA cut is a little…  
6483  [coda: the death of michael corleone cut]this movie is good. very, very, good, in fact. and, at least as far as i understand it, it's not entirely attributable to the re-edit. i would not be surprised that a film as depressed and dour as this one was not received the way it deserved upon release.obviously, each film opens with a celebration paired with backroom dealings and conversations but it's fascinating how, with each successive entry, the celebration becomes…  
6484 The Godfather Coda: The death of Michael CorleoneThis slightly trimmed down version has better pacing. The new beginning gives the narrative and plot a more grounded feel, which allows everything that stems from it to feel more coherent. 
6485 ....This is my favorite out of the trilogy. 
6486  **spoilers**A review of The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (2020)The word is not better. It is just an acceptable cut. Coda started with a different opening act giving a notable tonal shift to the film. We witness an old Michael Corleone doing business with The Vatican, there's a vision that he wanted to leave a legacy and the intention of legitimizing the family business. With rearranged scenes, Coda finally pulled its shit together and Michael Corleone's…  
6487 Firstly I’ll always defend Sofia Coppola in this . Yes she isn’t great but she isn’t anywhere near as bad as the garbage she has copped the last 30 years . One thing she brings that Winona Ryder wouldn’t is a young fresh innocent unknown face that kind of works . I’ll have to have a look at the original cut because apart from one huge difference at the end I didn’t see much of a difference. There was a message from Coppola at the beginning and he did say it was edited differently. 
6488 Mmmm This film is decent becouse somehow had to finish this incredible film.But no one expected another film to be made by continuing the Godfather II.Finally this film it’s a little sad, how can be possible finish with the history... And Sr. Coppola did the best he could do.Not to be criticized because this last film has been a bit more loose, instead we have to adore him for to do one of the best triology of whole history.In my opinion... THE GODFATHER THE BEST TRIOLOGY EVER MADE 
6489  ~very light spoilers~for being so critically and popularly panned it resulted in the end of an acting career, i would have expected sofia coppola's performance to be on par with tommy wiseau in the room. maybe i'm biased because i'm a huge fan of her directorial work, but was this performance really THAT bad? or is it just because she had to act opposite of AL PACINO and the later hate bandwagon? anyways, glad she left behind a career…  
6490 « Never hate your enemies, it affects your judgement »Imagine getting killed with your own pair of glasses.... i lol everytime 
6491 It’s fine but disappointing 
6492 it's a shame really. the movie is full of useless plot lines, uninteresting new characters and really lacks the soul and the spirit of its predecessors. still there are too many good scenes in this movie to be considered a bad film. 
6493  The Fall from Grace.I was getting irritable after watching the previous two Godfather's back to back but just when I thought I was out, they pulled me back in.Part III ends one of the most impressive trilogies of all time with a flawed dip in quality.As a stand-alone film, it's not bad - but it has two of the greatest masterpieces of all time to follow up.Ending one of the most immensely depressing sagas in cinema,…  
6494  Yes, it’s easily the weakest of the trilogy. It lacks the emotional depth & pace of the first two. Several characters aren’t given much to do. It’s mostly uneven. BUT because of Pacino, Garcia, Shire & Keaton towering performances. Sofia Coppola’s (though she’s not very fit as actor, thankfully she took her best talent as a director) beauty & Bridget Fonda (who was the Margot Robbie of the 90s, well, a lot of others were but she was one of my favorite hotties…  
6495  Gets an unfair amount of shit for not being as good as Part I and Part II. On the other hand, it trades extensively and desperately on our knowledge of and love for Part I and Part II, so it really does bring a lot of that pain on itself. Stranger in its narrative focus than the other two (a real estate thriller involving a plot to kill the Pope? Sure, why not), but that carries with it an appeal…  
6496  The Godfather: Part III is quite different from the first two movies. In a way, it feels like it's not a part of the trilogy, but Al Pacino's phenomenal performance makes this a worthy addition. I am serious when I say that I'm very impressed by him here, maybe his best performance of the 3?For the first half or so, this is an excellent movie, with an interesting story, some good new characters and although it's still "The Godfather"…  
6497 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Although a disappointment when compared to its two predecessors, the third instalment isn't THAT bad. Considering it was made almost 20 years after the first two, of course the film suffers from the fact that several actors did not reprise their role; Al Pacino does however, returning as Michael Corleone. The film is set years after Part 2, Michael (Al Pacino) has aged and still dons the role of boss of the family. He is now, however, coming to the…   
6498  I went into this with extremely low expectations. Now i cant say that ive heard from people that it was shit, i do remember people saying that this was disposable. Im not sure if all the blame mainly lies on Sophia Coppola, or the ambitious story it tried to tell, but the main consensus is at least that it is nowhere near the excellence of the first two.And sure, it isnt as good as the first two parts, but…  
6499 فيه كروتة و شبه التاني بس النهاية حلوة 
6500 well, this was alright. it is a decent film. just really nowhere close the legendary greatness of the first two classics that came before it. still, we love you al pacino! 
6501 Best one in the trilogy FIGHT ME 
6502  First time watching in over a decade, and my thoughts are relatively the same. This isn't a bad movie at all, it's just not nearly as good as the first two. While the previous two movies are also somewhat episodic because of the long stretches in time, Part III does feel a little more disjointed with a first half set primarily in New York, and the second in Sicily. There are definitely through lines to connect them, but for the…  
6503  *entry is for "The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone" *Can't remember ever watching the original Part III, though I'm sure that I saw it at some point as a teen, and so because of that I am not writing about or rating this as a comparison. Seeing this directly after my first adult re-watch of the first two films, I think it's pretty damn good. I'll admit to getting a bit confused at times with the plot,…  
6504 Theatrical CutI truly don't understand why this film is so hated, it doesn't come anywhere close to the first two films but it's still a solid piece of cinema. There are a lot of silly scenes and I do agree with the Sofia Coppola criticism but really it's fine. Anyway onto the re-cut!Listen to the Uncut Gems Podcast 
6505 Week 33: a trilogy - Part 3 At no point during this film did I fully understand what was going on 
6506 Watched Coda, p badass 
6507  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone Personally my biggest gripe with this is the casting and at times the look. Sofia should never have been cast, though she does look the part and I'm not a big fan of Andy García or Joe Mantegna here. Despite the two latter being decent enough actors I never though they fit this film and their performances weren't up to the standard of the previous. Garcia seems to do what is a…  
6508 [The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone]still one of the very greatest films ever made; could say more but as with when I first saw part III this movie makes me an emotional wreck to such a degree that I can't remember any of the thoughts I was having before it ended and if I do remember I just don't feel like writing them down any time soon 
6509  I don’t know why it took me so long to watch this movie, but now I finally have, and it was better than I thought it would be. Sure it’s not a masterpiece like the other 2, but this movie is still good. It’s a more reflective movie, and I like it for that reason. Andy Garcia is just the best part of this movie, and every time he was on screen I knew something exciting was going to happen.…  
6510 The incest was not gabacool 😂Also this was really good idc what people say 
6511  A great end to a spectacular trilogy. The Godfather movies are the epitome of crime movies. The portrayal of Mafia life in these movies is just so absorbing and realistic. And this third movie might not have been the best, but a little dip in quality can be expected and tolerated for such movie franchises. As always, Al Pacino's Michael Corleone hits all the criteria for a great character. And the fact that he wants to be redeemed in his…  
6512 Probably the best looking 4K disc of all of them, best source anyway. And look, I still actually really enjoy this film. It’s not even in the same ballpark as the other two, but I still find it quite heart wrenching at times and Al Pacino is absolutely fantastic here.Could watch these films forever, they feel like home to me 
6513 It's a good movie but nowhere near as good as the first 2 
6514  July Challenge with Mitch 2023Prompt: Go through our previous prompts from multiple lists and find a film that checks off as many prompts as possible. Maybe it's a Ray Liotta movie set on a boat about am abusive relationship that also has Willem Dafoe and a cult and Tangerine Dream did the score and its also The Fabulous Baker Boys? Lol don't spend too long combing through but put in some effort, I'm betting we can find a film…  
6515 Imagine not liking this lol. 
6516 Not as bad as they say, definitely does not compare to the other two. 
6517  Grade: 74%1990 Ranked - HEREThe Godfather: Part III is a film I didn’t intentionally evade until now but when I first watched the first two, I just never got around to this one. I’m sure part of the reason is because this feels like the red-headed stepchild of the trilogy but I have meaning to finally watch it for years. It’s not a terrible film by any means and I think it receives most of its hate because it’s…  
6518 Quando os sicilianos desejam "Cent'anni" significa "a uma vida longa"...E um siciliano nunca se esquece. 
6519 nah this is the most overhated movie of all time 
6520 Films Watched in 2022 - Film 8412022 Priority Watchlist - Film 95/100100 Movie Challenge - Film 38/100I mostly learnt from this to not put movies off for so long on the prediction I won’t like it. More than anything it’s just a solid family drama and really did not warrant me putting it off for 3 years. 
6521  [CODA CUT] Eu lembro nitidamente do final do terceiro filme que pra mim foi impactante demais por fazer relação direta com a morte de Vito no primeiro e também porque era um desfecho muito forte. Mas, por algum motivo, eu achei que esse final ficou ainda mais doloroso que o primeiro.Michael é realmente condenado a viver anos e anos assombrado pelo rastro de violência que ele mesmo deixou, sozinho. Isso pra mim foi muito mais forte que a cena…  
6522 great performance from michael corleone as al pacino 
6523 "You gotta kiss your relatives!"-Sofia Coppola Can not for the life of me tell you what this was about, but I always heard this was really political and bad. There's alot of priests and incest in this movie. There's an entire subplot devoted to the catholic church being worried about a scandal breaking out. Can't remember which specific one they were concerned about but it doesn't really matter or go anywhere in the long run. I enjoyed it for what it was, it's just misunderstood. 
6524 Watched the new CODA cut, didn’t do much to make it any better or worse than it already was. Probably just going to stick to part one and two. 
6525  Watching a trilogy everyone in my family has seen except for me...Part lll Well here we are at the end. I can't call this a bad movie ,but I can call it a bad sequel. When first two movies are as good as that you can't follow it up with something like this. It has all elements from first two just weaker. Weaker writing,weaker characters, WEAKER acting,WEAKER subtlety ,...I know that Coppola has made a different version of this and…  
6526 *Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneExcellent épilogue de l'immense saga encore aujourd'hui grandiose. Inférieur aux deux premiers chefs-d'oeuvre, mais tout de même bourré de qualités. Mon gros bémol est la pourrie Sofia Coppola qui a dû remplacer Winona Ryder à la dernière minute et dont, fort heureusement, certaines des scènes ont été coupées dans ce nouveau montage. Bref, une excellente conclusion, malgré tout ce qu'on peut en dire. 👂🏼 
6527 Also eigentlich könnte ich die Rewiev aus der Pate 2 hier reinkopieren, da der Pate 3 für mich die gleichen Schwächen bzw. stärken hatte, wie Pate 2. Der Grund warum ich Pate 3 ein halben Stern mehr gebe ist das echt coole und sehr langgezogene Ende. Die letzten 30 Minuten des Films hatte ich glaub ich 200 Herzschläge pro Minute, weil ich die ganze Zeit abgewartet habe, dass endlich ein Schuss fiel, der aber nie kam. 
6528 grey haired michael raised millions for the gilf community 
6529 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   It’s alright. It just can’t compare to the first two. Some things couldn’t be changed, such as Sofia Coppola’s poor performance, and Robert Duvall still not returning as Tom Hagen. The unnecessary plot point of Mary and Vincent’s incestuous relationship does not work well. There’s scenes that feel out of place. A helicopter attack is not very godfather-esque in my opinion with one random guy whining about his “lucky coat.” Weird. Honestly, I couldn’t point out any significant changes because…   
6530  This is comparable to season 8 of 'Game of Thrones.' What in the fuck is with the casual incest? This is such a desperate installation that somehow, miraculously, got almost every original cast member (whose character wasn't killed yet) to come back for this dumpster fire. Extra creepy to note that the subject of the incestuous relationship was none other than the daughter of the director, who clearly had the role tailor-made to put her in the spotlight despite the…  
6531 Apparently Madonna was one of the many actresses considered for the role of Mary Corleone, only for it to be decided that she was too old. I can say with absolute certainty that this would have been a better film had she been cast. Compared to the previous two films, The Godfather Part III has a real lack of interesting supporting characters, and it makes the lacklustre plot really drag. It really makes you miss the glory days with Clemenza. I don’t think it’s a bad film, I just think it’s comparatively bad when you look at the series as a whole. 
6532  Review of The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone:Having finally watched The Godfather Part I and II last month for the first time, I became like most fans of this beloved franchise captivated by the complex characters and storyline. While I had heard on the internet over the years that the third installment was a disappointment, I thought experiencing Franci Ford Coppola's newly released director's cut would bring a unique perspective to someone who had never watched the…  
6533  [Watched the re-edited version; Coda: the Death of Michael Corleone]“Finance is a gun. Politics is knowing when to pull the trigger.”Let me start off by saying that this is one of the best trilogies of all time. I don’t care what anyone says, this film belongs with its two predecessors whether you agree or not. Any great character portrayed on film or television has a great arc to back it up. And as epic as it was to…  
6534  I was prepared to call this underrated... nope!!! After 50 minutes it lost my attention completely, I don’t care about old white men or the Pope. That’s just not what I wanted from this film. The main plot was uninteresting and was made worse by the unnecessary to downright bad subplots. But the worst offender... the incest subplot. What the fuck were they thinking!!!!???? I mean Francis Ford Coppola directed his own daughter in a subplot that had her sexually…  
6535  Finally brought myself around to watching this. Kind of wish I hadn’t.Ok ok ok, after second viewing it wasn’t that bad. I just wasn’t expecting as much the family drama/incest aspect, and Sophia’s acting is as bad as everyone says (sorry, I tried to keep an open mind but, would have loved to have seen the role in the hands of another actress). That being said, it’s still got some memorable lines and scenes, and the real world event…  
6536  Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in. The Godfather 3 snyder cut, just kidding. I’ve only seen Part 3 once years and years ago and I loved it, I love the trilogy. The film begins with a line that is a direct callback to how this entire story started, nice. I’ve never hated Sofia’s performance/acting, it’s just men with neckbeards in their 40s moaning on reddit, the same people who probably bullied Jake Lloyd out…  
6537  The first two Godfather films starred Al Pacino. This Godfather film stars "AL PACINO!!!"I will put GODFATHER III in the same camp as RETURN OF THE JEDI, BIOSHOCK 2 and Jonathan Demme's remake of THE MANCHURIAN CANDIDATE: "Things that would be considered very good if they didn't have to live up to a masterpiece."I have some other things on that list too but who knows.Anyways, the first 30 minutes confused the shit out of me, but once…  
6538 In its new form, “The Godfather Coda” is still not a masterpiece. But it’s a fine film and worthy conclusion, and its alterations – the repositioning of several scenes, the cutting of others, and a new opening and closing –genuinely improve the final product. READ MORE: theplaylist.net/godfather-part-iii-coda-recut-review-20201201/ 
6539  in anticipation of  the godfather coda, i listened to the director commentary.  since i hope to watch coda sometime in the next month or so, i figured i would just listen to the commentary.as i've said many times before, much of the critiques of this film aren't really about the film itself, but rather that it doesn't reach the heights of its predecessor.  but i also didn't realize that this film also came out the same year as goodfellas.  and goodfellas premiered…  
6540  The first thought when discussing “The Godfather: Part III” is one of defense: it is NOT one of the most bastardizing final films in a trilogy ever, it is not the worst thing Coppola has ever done, and it does NOT soil anything Coppola sets up with his trilogy – if anything, when understanding that Coppola intends the first two to be grouped together and this is almost an optional viewing (he calls the series a duology, this an epilogue),…  
6541 Grata sorpresa con la última película de la mejor trilogía de la historia del cine. Partiendo de la idea de que mis expectativas eran más bien bajas y de que sus predecesoras son dos obras maestras, la he disfrutado muchísimo. El cierre de la cinta es brutal. Aquí Francis Ford Coppola hace una magnífica referencia a la obra de Alfred Hitchcock ‘The Man Who Knew Too Much’ (1956), creando unas secuencias de tensión dignas de alabar, con música de fondo de la brillante ópera de Mascagni, Cavalleria Rusticana (los pelos de punta). 
6542 My not so secret fave 
6543 michael have learned a lot with his father but unfortunately he have not learned how to keep his family safe and together at least while he was alive 
6544 so unnecessary,,, 
6545  From what I heard, I expected The Godfather Part III to be some awful end to the trilogy that isn't worth anyone's time.While Part III certainly isn't as encompassing or memorable as its predecessors, it holds up fine as a mafia movie. Nothing incredible, but not at all as bad as I thought. Sofia Coppola's acting was pretty grim and a certain scene involving a pair of glasses was equally bad, but the rest of the film was on…  
6546 People say this movie is bad 
6547  He tardado en terminar la trilogía por el miedo que me había metido la gente con la última película. La he empezado ya profetizando que se me iba a hacer pesada, que no iba a estar al nivel y que iba a ser innecesaria. Cuál fue mi sorpresa al encontrarme un cierre dignísimo y que he disfrutado. Vale, no tiene el nivel de las dos primeras, pero tiene un nivel muuuy alto dentro del género. Me ha encantado el clímax…  
6548  I have no idea why but it has taken me 20 years to decide to watch THE GODFATHER PART 3. I watched the first two parts as a eager teen getting into film but then nothing until now. Watching it years later without a rewatch gave me unfamiliarity with the world and it’s characters, everyone felt new and I had to check a couple of times if the characters had been in the previous parts. Focusing on Al Pacino and…  
6549  THE GODFATHER, PART III completes a story of epic proportions:   * THE GODFATHER has a theme of Loss and The Fall;   * THE GODFATHER, PART II is focused on Damnation;   * THE GODFATHER, PART III is the search for Redemption.    Many sequels reflect back on points from their previous movies.  Sometimes, it is essential to have seen what happened before so as not to be completely lost or spending too much time…  
6550 The final instalment of the Godfather series sees an older Michael Corleone attempting to get away from the criminal dealings and legitimize his business by linking up with the Vatican in Italy.  At the same time he takes his hot headed nephew Vincent under his wing.  Clearly not the best of the series but this is a nice progression from the first two that gives this a decent end.  Al Pacino is good as expected. Andy Garcia does a fine job as his nephew. A little on the slow side but still a nice revisit. 
6551 quite frankly this film doesn't hold the big dick energy the first two have! also i was praying for mary to die bc her and that incest subplot were annoying as fuck but learning that's sofia coppola i feel bad but at least she's learned her place is BEHIND the camera! 
6552  Honestly, I'm just happy that Coppola didn't feel any need to do a The Godfather: Part IV during the last thirty years. Let's hope it stays this way.This final entry into the Godfather trilogy is lackluster and underwhelming in comparison to the first two films, but still inhabits a high quality as a standalone film. It's not of the same flesh that The Godfather and The Godfather: Part II were made of; all the ingredients are there, but their…  
6553  In keeping with my dining analogies to compare Godfather films, the first is like eating out with your family at your favorite restaurant, the second is an all-out black-tie affair at your uncle's exclusive country club with two hundred relatives, and this entry is like having brunch at the diner with your buddies. Ain't nothin' wrong with cheap comfort food amongst good friends; the experience hits the right spots.In this final entry to Coppola and Puzo's classic mafia tale,…  
6554 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I've long loved The Godfather and The Godfather Part II, but I had never actually taken the time to watch Part III. The film's horrendously negative reputation was certainly known to me, but I think more than anything I was just fully satisfied with the first two Godfather films. I just didn't see the need for any more. Still, I knew eventually I'd have to see it and the last few years as seen a growing narrative that the film…   
6555 There are offputting rumours that Francis Ford Coppola only made this belated sequel to finance a personal project, and his daughter (Sofia Coppola) does an unfortunately embarrassing job as a stand-in for Winona Ryder (whether or not it's because she's up against the calibre of Pacino, Garcia, Keaton, etc or because she was just plain bad). Overall, The Godfather, Part III is of course nowhere near as competent as the original two, but it is sweeping and grand-looking enough - with dots of extreme violence - to be possessive of that true 'Godfather' ambience. Heavily flawed, yet still belonging. 
6556 I think this film suffered from the time jump in the story, the absence of Robert Duvall and Sofia Coppola's performance.Very underrated film, I can understand why so many people don't appreciate it as the other two films but I cannot agree, it's a very good film on it's own and I can't watch the godfather without it. 
6557 pointless fkn movie gimmie my time back man 
6558 80/100compared to part I & II it’s dog shit i mean other then the cousin incest shit ☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️☠️i thought it was good 
6559 gay son or incest daughter 
6560 I’ve never watched the Coda version of GFIII and had only watched the theatrical once when it came out so this is pretty much a first viewing for meAfter collecting my thoughts, I think it’s best to not get into details (like wtf is going on with the incest subplot?!) and just say that even though it has a few moments, the reputation of Godfather III as a complete mess is well-earned 
6561 The older I get, the more obsessed I am with this one. Sophia really is giving that girl from the last season of Curb Your Enthusiasm tho. 
6562 It’s just impossible to watch this movie and not wonder what a better version of it would be. It’s a good send off for Michael Corleone but it’s no where near the masterpieces that are the first two. 
6563  This movie is so bad it makes me physically upset. I can't believe they ended what could have easily been a great trilogy with one of the worst films I've ever had the displeasure of sitting through. It is baffling this movie was released. Horribly written, acted, shot, and edited; this really is a low blow for Coppola who a decade prior came out of one of the greatest streaks of filmmaking in cinema history. Nothing works or pays off.…  
6564  I wanted to be the dissenting voice and at times I seemed I would be…but this movie is a mess. It’s not just Sofia Coppola…though her acting seemed to get worse as the movie went on to a point where it went from passable to just sigh-inducing. It’s the fact it spends too much time in the specific politics of Michael buying the Immobliari, it’s the bizarre out of left field editing choices, it’s moments of overblown bombast, and Vinny…who…  
6565  Why do people dislike this? This is legit a great movie, just not as good as its predecessors.Coppola still shows he’s a masterful director in this one. The sequence at the opera is fantastic and the acting from the whole cast is, for the most part, really good (yes, Sofia Coppola’s performance is terrible). The dialogue was pretty bad too from time to time.It’s obviously not the masterpiece the other Godfather movies are, but as far as trilogies…  
6566  "Look how they massacred my boy!"Monumentally disappointing. I watched this right after seeing Part II for the first time in years and the difference in quality is quite honestly astounding. I’ve had my problems with II in the past (mainly because of its pacing) but seeing it as an adult reaffirmed its place for me as one of the all-time great movies – a wonderfully tragic opera about the birth and death of the American dream under capitalism and…  
6567 not the greatest sequel of all time but hopefully they don't remake it. 
6568 Sofia Coppola is easily the biggest miscasted actor of the 90s along with Keanu Reeves in Dracula. Watching her gave me a migraine the size of a tumor.Andy Garcia is all slick and no substance.Diane Keaton mumbles around.Talia Shire is dressed in black most of the time.Pacino is the only positive thing about this lumbering blunder.The whole Vatican sub plot is just lazy writing.Part 1 was the perfect marriage of art and mainstream while the second one was a Greek Tragedy.This one is a trainwreck and was a slog. 
6569  Somebody once told me the world is gonna roll meI ain't the sharpest tool in the shedShe was looking kind of dumb with her finger and her thumbIn the shape of an "L" on her foreheadWell, the years start coming and they don't stop comingFed to the rules and I hit the ground runningDidn't make sense not to live for funYour brain gets smart but your head gets dumbSo much to do,…  
6570  I honestly don't know what movie other people were watching.You hate Sofia Coppola? Fine. She makes a better director than an actress, I agree. But if you think she's horrible, you haven't seen enough movies. I can show you horrible acting.Was it the tying in of the 30 day reign of John Paul I with a Vatican conspiracy angle? I have some Oliver Stone movies you should probably watch.Is it because Michael Corleone was made to pay…  
6571  ...Eh?Let's be honest: it's nowhere near as good as the first two films. It's not as well directed (did Coppola demature as a filmmaker? Is that even possible?), it's not as well shot, not as well acted and not nearly as well scripted. It's really hard to care about the plot, and it makes you wonder why after the engaging stories of Part 1 and Part 2 we now get a dull, pretty uneventful story involving stock in a…  
6572  Ça y est, j’ai finie cette trilogie mythique.C’est vraiment le volume que j’aime le moins parmis les 3, mais rien que pour les 40 dernières minutes c’est un chef d’œuvre, et cette fin est juste parfaite et conclue bien cette œuvre, cette histoire.J’aurais tellement pu pleurer toute les larmes de mon corps si j’avais été seule face à ce film.Pour conclure la trilogie Le Parrain est à voir au moins une fois dans sa vie et mérite…  
6573 michael gets more and more annoying as these go on 
6574 77/100Faults are as prominent as ever, even more so after reading some about the production (Coppola patently refused to make a third and ended up practically forced into it), but so are its virtues. Simply put, this contains dozens of moments that gnaw at my insides, many of which stand above anything from the first two (despite those being more "perfect" films). All things being equal, the final hour or so is one of the finest stretches of film ever put to the screen.2nd watch 
6575 Una decepción total pero se ganó las tres estrellas x el actorazo que es al pacino y porque actuó la linda de sofia coppola 
6576  a film at odds with legitimacy itself. don't the first two parts go down so easily? not their matter—these are horror films skinned atop charming corpses. but their timbre that feels recognizable. the method performances that just a few years earlier felt at odds with systems of production have been so quickly adopted as inevitable facets of screen-acting. Lee Strasberg literally sets the pace! and Pacino's quiet rot, Brando's retrained rage, Cazale's squirm...these all feel recognizable as what we point…  
6577 It's so awkward to have so many great actors and then have Sofia Coppola just ruin every scene she's in 
6578  “Finance is a gun, politics is knowing when to pull the trigger.”There are several famous examples of cinematic trilogies losing steam in their final installments, from Return of the Jedi (1983) to The Dark Knight Rises (2012), though I’m sure there are many notable exceptions as well just as there can be diehard defenders of those third offerings. Taking place twenty years after the Michael storyline of The Godfather Part II (1974), co-writer/director Francis Ford Coppola returns audiences to…  
6579 Havent seen the "Coppola Cut " but this is....not bad lol. Maybe im taking COPPIUM with this but Sofia Coppola is fine. Yeah an actress wouldve been better but she was a literal last minute replacement for Winona Ryder so im not taking any shit about that! The film is not a complete story and is absolutely missing some things (By some things I mean Robert Duvall) but its a good conclusion to Michael's arc and with Coppola its obviously a comptently made movie. "Never let anyone know what you are thinking." 
6580 quite better than what i’d expected. 
6581  El cierre de la trilogía más importante que nos dio el cine. La despedida del despiadado Michael y su imperio.Admito que este última cinta no contiene la narrativa ni el ritmo de sus sucesoras pero siéndoles sinceros no creo que ninguna película puede igualarlas en ese aspecto.Puntos malos: - La incorporación de Sofía Coppola si me pareció innecesaria. No me supo transmitir nada y hubo algunos gestos faciales que me incomodaban. - No haber traído de vuelta a…  
6582 The Godfather Children of Deaf Adults 
6583 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Eh, it’s really not that bad. I watched the recently released Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone version for the first time. At first I didn’t like how they no longer show Michael collapse and die. But the more I think about it, the more I like how in this new ending, it’s like Michael is cursed to live isolated and alone, with no family or loved ones to be seen. A very depressing but fitting end to the character.  
6584  The cut I watched is The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. Re-edited by Coppola to be more of an extension of the first two movies than a sequel, and given the original title instead of The Godfather: Part III. Based on the introduction from Coppola included on my DVD and what I’ve read online, I think this cut is as close to what he intended for the movie as you can get. The quality of this movie is…  
6585  Viewed The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone cut. I honestly couldn’t have had a more perfect viewing chronology to properly and fully appreciate this new Coda cut. Seeing Godfather 3 in theaters in 1990, then waiting 30 years to revisit it just this last September. Now with that viewing fresh in mind, watching this newly edited and gorgeously remastered version. This is honestly just short of a revelation and one of the better such reduxes I’ve seen from…  
6586 Even though it is the Fredo of the Godfather films. Like Fredo it is still deserves some respect. 
6587  Well I’ve finally completed the series. I went into this with low expectations as you would expect and somehow they weren’t met.I will say there are flashes of great acting here, in the case of Pacino, Keaton and Garcia. Some of the more emotional moments from the couple were great. And I love how Garcia held the temperament of a Vito or a Sonny. But I did have an issue with Pacino because Michael felt so overdone and bloated…  
6588  "Just when I think I'm out...they pull me back in!"I paired Part 3 with Coppola's Cabernet Sauvignon. It was fine. My wife disliked it. She said it stung her mouth. I didn't have that experience, I thought it had less of a bitter aftertaste than the Merlot. My favorite of the 3 Coppola wines that I had, however, was definitely the Claret that I paired with the original "Godfather". I will definitely be buying and enjoying that one again.…  
6589 (coda: the death of michael corleone)the donkey impression WHAT. 
6590  As diretrizes da vida ganham novo ensejo na medida em que o homem escolhe seus caminhos e, depois, colhe de seus frutos. Ninguém está isento das consequências de suas escolhas, e Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), tendo feito muitas coisas em nome de sua família, agora resvala as emoções de um homem que deleita-se com o fruto de seu esforço, enquanto pena pelos ócios provindos de seus empreendimentos.The Godfather: Part III (1990), sem sobra de dúvida, foi o melhor filme…  
6591 Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneAfter watching both the theatrical version and the re-cut back to back I can say that while there is an improvement with the re-cut it's genuinely not that much of a difference but I'm glad that Francis Ford Coppola is happy with it. His little introduction explaining his reasoning for the changes was so cute.Listen to the Uncut Gems Podcast 
6592 “Never hate your enemies, It affects your judgment”I don’t know how but I’m both shocked and not surprised. This is a good film, i mean it’s The Godfather, but honestly it’s not as good as the first two. And Michael didn’t deserve that. It’s so sad where the storyline ended. Also, when Andy Garcia was introduced as Sonny’s son I just knew he would have a little bit of a temper lol. 
6593  Coda Edition: “My lucky coat!”Contrary to what some are saying I don’t think this is any better than the theatrical release. If anything, I preferred the previous beginning and ending. Not that I particularly like Part III anyway. Yes, Andy Garcia gives the best performance, and yes, the botched apartment murder and opera scenes are good, but it’s not enough to salvage so many terrible scenes, dialogue and acting. It’s not just bad in comparison to the first two,…  
6594  Francis Ford Coppola had the best decade a director has ever and will ever have in the 1970's. He was nominated for 12 oscars and won 6(I'm counting The Godfathers best picture win as a win for him). He was bound to decline a little after that, especially considering Apocalypse Now nearly killed him. With all that being said, Part III is still really fucking good., that third act is stressful as fuck, I don't think I have any fingernails…  
6595  I cannot remember The Godfather Part III well enough to say what has changed in relation to the recut The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, but watching the film again in this form has given me a new appreciation for the movie. It isn't Part I or II, but it is a good watch. The new cut is clear and operatic, in the best way. It is a big, occasionally loud, Shakespearan drama about the inability to achieve…  
6596 Coda version.Too much God, not enough Father. 
6597 (Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone [2020]) While nowhere near the genius and craftsmanship of the first two films, this one is an enjoyable crime drama with some powerful performances from the cast, especially Diane Keaton and Al Pacino. I like the new version of this, with a tiny but powerful alteration to the final scene. Not a masterpiece, but a good, underrated film nevertheless. 
6598 The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone.Definitely an improvement over the original version. The first act flows much better because of the rearrangement of scenes, something which keeps it from feeling watered down like the old version did. Also, the new music cues added were fantastic and helped it fit in better with the previous two films. Overall I enjoyed it, however I prefer the original ending. 
6599  Not sure how this can actually be improved by recutting it, but okay. Do what Zack Snyder is doing for Justice League, polish the turd!In all seriousness, unlike Justice League (the Snyder Cut, granted, will be better), I can actually see a good movie buried in the mediocrity here. This movie has competent directing, and besides Sofia Coppola’s awful performance, decent acting. A couple lines are pretty good. The cinematography, sound, art direction, and editing are still pretty great.…  
6600  Eu tinha dezessete anos de idade da primeira e última vez que tive contato com o corte original de O Poderoso Chefão III. Assisti-o imediatamente após ver os outros dois capítulos da trilogia (que eu também havia visto pela primeira vez à época), e ciente de que a opinião pública o julgava um desfecho fraco em comparação aos filmes anteriores.Não me lembro muito bem o porquê de eu não ter gostado tanto do filme quando o vi. Acho que…  
6601 It's weird not watching Godfather Part III for twenty years and then watching it two days in a row with two different cuts. I think both cuts have their merits, and it's interesting to see where Coda goes for subtlety and where it chooses to be a bit more aggressive in its tone. Ultimately, I think both cuts are worth seeing, although I wouldn't say Coda is so radically different that it changes the overall themes, issues, and impact of the original version. 
6602 there was just something really off in here, the incest ¿¿????the ending of the opera scene broke me though 
6603 Remember that trailer for The Mummy that was really awkward because it got leaked without any music, and the whole flow of everything was off? That’s this whole movie. 
6604 three major flaws:1. incest oh my fucking god2. sofia coppola’s acting3. michael’s hair 
6605 Agak mengecewakan, tidak sebagus dan sehebat yang pertama dan kedua, feel-nya juga ngak seterasa yang pertama dan kedua, tapi ini bukan film yang buruk sebagai penutup trilogi ini. 
6606 I do love Michael's self-reflection as he has gotten old, and how the life he chose has had a terrible toll on him. Al Pacino once again delivers a great performance. But the rest of the film is kinda, idk how to explain it, really. It's just kinda weird. Idk. Maybe I should rewatch it and that will make my thoughts clearer. Anyway solid movie and good ending. 
6607  I do got to say that this barely felt like a film in the Godfather trilogy. It just felt too different than the first two masterpieces. Most of the great characters are all gone. But on the other hand i in no way hated this film in fact I actually liked it. It finishes an arc for Michael which I already thought was already complete after the second film. I do in fact now think that Michael Corleone is the…  
6608  What triggered me after watching this picture is that there are a lot of similar elements in it as in the first and second part. I watched them all three in three days, but the people who watched The Godfather in 1972 and 1974 and then went back to the cinema in 1990 must have thought the same thing, I think. A lot of things came back (maybe a little too much?). The casting is great in this picture, especially…  
6609  If this were any normal gangster film it’d be perfectly fine, but as a finale to two of the greatest films ever made it’s just slightly underwhelming. There’s still a lot to enjoy, with the film moving the character of Michael Corleone forward in a heartfelt, natural way, and Pacino is once again superb. Also terrific are most of the rest of the cast, returning in the case of Keaton and Shire, or new in Garcia and Wallach (and just…  
6610 I was with it until the incest subplot came up. The thing is: it's not a horrible concept - Michael answering to the hurt he's caused in a later stage of life. The problem is: the film just doesn't do much interesting with the idea, and you can tell the cast just doesn't want to be there. Michael's confession and the opera sequence in the back half nearly make this decent, but by that point, the damage has been done.Perhaps it's better just to forget this exists. Disappointing. 
6611 they should have left it as a duology 
6612  Why Puzo and Coppola thought that the relationship between Andy Garcia and Sofia Coppola was as good idea is beyond my comprehension. Why Coppola thought casting his inexperienced daughter in a substantial role in one of the most (if not THE most) anticipated sequels of all times is way beyond me. There are so many factors that could have been improved or prevented to make this a really GREAT film like its predecessors. Robert Duvall should have been paid and…  
6613  I know there's nothing original about slamming on The Godfather: Part III. I'll say immediately too that Al Pacino performs admirably. I remembered this being shouty, later period Pacino but he's quite reserved and plays an older, wiser Michael to a T. The film remains largely disappointing in spite of this.Recently, my wife and I took a journey through the life of Michael Corleone. I've seen the trilogy many times over but it was a first for her so…  
6614 i really thought this was directed by someone else 
6615 what in the incest 
6616  1991 Director’s CutI will never understand why The Godfather Part III (1990) is so underrated and to be honest I’ve given up trying to. If this movie was a stand alone film and not the third instalment of a trilogy, which includes arguably the two greatest films of all time, it would be regarded as a classic of the crime genre, that I am sure of.Al Pacino is sublime once again as Don Michael Corleone, the crime boss…  
6617 i really wish this hadn't been made lmao 
6618 Honestly don't think I've seen a more disappointing sequel in my life 
6619 Andy Garcia's chest hair should have been nominated for an Oscar 
6620  Went in with low expectations yet this still disappointed me. Unlike the first two films in the series, this failed to hold my attention for the most part. A huge chunk of the plot focuses around this Vatican conspiracy which is so uninteresting. Then there’s the incest subplot… What the fuck were Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo thinking? It’s also true that Sofia Coppola’s performance is dreadful (thank fuck she’s a good director) but she and the rest of…  
6621 it’s a shame this came out in the same year as goodfellas and is following up two of the greatest films of all time because…. it’s actually pretty good. the underworld plot is a bit half baked compared the last two but i do like how reflective it is for michael, regrets and sins, chickens coming home to roost and the last 30 mins of this? fantastic tension building and filmmaking.sofia coppola stinks as an actress but it’s a good one. 
6622  🆗 68%1st Watch | Francis Ford Coppola Ranked | Mafia RankedBefore I review The Godfather: Part III, it's important to recap on the prior two entires in the Godfather trilogy.The Godfather was an technical masterpiece that became iconic due to its astounding direction, impeccable screenplay, but most importantly acting (including the one-of-a-kind performance from Marlon Brando). This movie is one of my favorite movies and includes some of my favorite moments in cinema (and as of when…  
6623 Stunned. Grateful.Goodfellas wishes. 
6624 (Coda)Any problems or defects people adscribe (unfairly, in my opinion) to Part III are more than redeemed by the pure, unfiltered emotion of it all and the virtuosic craft of Coppola and Willis. The confession scene is extraordinary, honest filmmaking. 
6625 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Francis Ford Coppola: the man who can give you some of the greatest films of all time, and at the same time, thisWithout a doubt, Coppola just set the bar too high with the first II parts of The Godfather Trilogy, it was certainly difficult to create three masterpieces for a trilogy. Even so, it’s not horrible as many people think. In this film, we see an older Michael Corleone, more “mature”, experienced, who supposedly learned from his past…   
6626 In my opinion this wasn't needed. It kind of feels like they made this just to have The Godfather as a trilogy. It's simply just unneeded for the series. At many parts I just think it felt like a family drama. It doesn't remind me at all of the other two. The only thing carrying this movie to not being a complete disaster is Al Pacino. 
6627  everybody fretting about whether this is either terrible or just in the shadow of two of the greatest movies of all time is ignoring how hot Andy Garcia is??? like wtf, totally undersold. (I actually think it is wonderful on its own terms!) maybe Talia’s best Connie outing. Pacino phenomenal (I loved whenever he wore a little kerchief.) Joe Mantegna also hot, even as a weenie. Also??? Coppola returning to this material after Gian-Carlo dies—I don’t know how you can’t…  
6628 Buono. 
6629 glad coppola gave tommy wiseau the reins on this one 
6630 I just have a feeling it could have been shorter that's all 
6631 Why is a beautiful country so violent?History.This movie at first felt like a (3 hour!) chore to get through, but then they really ramped up the Sicily Factor, which I appreciate. Segesta! Erice! I've been there! I love Italy.Part III should be rated lower (it has Sofia Coppola's horrendous acting, a plot so convoluted I can't even summarize it, and a lack of subtlety that insults the first two Godfather films), but I'm a Sucker for an Italian setting, so somehow it's ending up with 3.5 stars. Sue me! 
6632 Je remarque que maintenant que Sofia Coppola ressemble de fou à Mimi Keene 🤯🤯 
6633 This was alright up until about an hour in. Like, I was quite enjoying it and briefly thought it may be better than the other two entires- the first of which I wasn't a big fan and the second which was pretty good. But it just got stupid, and I felt myself bored. The ending has bumped it up by a margin, as it was strong. This is definitely, in my opinion, the most overrated and uneven trilogy. 
6634 look at how they massacred my boy's barnet 
6635  I know everyone gives this a bad rep but for a long time this was the second best Godfather film in my opinion, so I've never despised it as some do. If I'm being honest, if every single critic lauded the film and it was deemed a masterpiece like the first 2 films, you would see a bunch of people also proclaiming it to be one of the greats. I think we as a species are too susceptible to what…  
6636  "Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in." - Michael CorleoneI like to think of The Godfather Trilogy as apples, since the first one is nice and crunchy, the second is incredibly sweet which makes you wonder if you'll ever taste an apple that is anywhere near as good as that one. Then finally, 1990's The Godfather: Part III which is the apple that makes you wonder who put a cheap apple into the basket?…  
6637 It must have felt near impossible to follow up on the sheer masterpieces that Godfather Part 1 and 2 are. However it feels like there wasn’t an attempt here? The writing and direction here is truly abhorrent, the whole Mary-Vincent story is really, really grim and left a sour taste in my mouth throughout. In his final swan song as Michael Corleone however, Pacino performs to his usual standard here and I would have actually enjoyed Garcia as Vincent if it wasn’t for that story. Such a fall from Grace and it’s no wonder Coppola sees this franchise as a duology 
6638 Watched the Coda versionUpping to 7/10 from 6/10 I've seen this one less than the other two. I remember Sofia Coppola (Mary) being a lot worse. I actually liked her more this time which definitely made the film hit different. “When they come… they come at what you love.” —Don Vito Corleone 💔 
6639  when people ask me why I love this trilogy so much I just think of family, that's very important to me. part 2 is my favorite because it shows the past of vito corleone, it shows how he grew up without parents and brothers because they were murdered by the mafia, but he got old and took revenge on those who did wrong to his family, becoming the new boss of Mafia. but you see, even though he became a…  
6640 well i’ll say this isn’t wasn’t as bad as i was thinking, get rid of the cousin narrative & this is actually solid72/100 
6641  (Watched the 2020 cut “The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone”)As someone whose never seen the original release I thought this was pretty good. I totally agree this is a mostly unnecessary edition to an almost flawless previous two films, but I also admit that I had a good time watching it. The biggest flaws are definitely Sofia’s acting, the much too long climax, and most of Vincent’s arc. Everything he did was fine, but as he wasn’t…  
6642 Very big downgrade from the other 2, but it's definitely not awful. I wouldn't go as far as to say it's the worst sequel or movie of all time, it has some good moments. Positives aside, I couldn't tell if Sofia Coppola was genuinely acting or completely bored on set. She definitely isn't for acting, but she's a great director! 
6643 He should be careful. It's dangerous to be an honest man.The incest plot kinda threw me off a bit. 
6644 sofia coppola can not fake cry for shit but i still love her 
6645 Ok. So. As the trilogy closes, so does the story of Michael Corleone. It’s a fantastic trilogy, but it’s not without its flaws. Part III gets the short end of the stick here, as with a run-time of 2.50, Coppola has to tie everything up as well as the tough job of making a satisfying conclusion to the Godfather series as a whole. And it’s great. It’s a bit tedious at times, and it can get a little repetitive, but the end result is worth it, even if  the whole thing seems unnecessary (Coppola didn’t even wanna make a third entry, but here we are..). 
6646 i can believe that al pacino it's going to die one day 
6647 550th film already and it was the actiony conclusion to the tragedy of cinema's It Girl, Michael Corleone. Across the trilogy, he just went from babe to bitchass to broken.Vincent gave off massive "try to be pretty" vibes, Zasa is actually the future silver fox David Rossi, and Mary was kinda poogie despite Sofia Coppola's performance, which by the way is miles better than that of her one-time boyfriend Quentin Tarantino two years after this came out. Recommend me a movie here! 
6648 Mi momento favorito de Al Pacino y de la trilogía en general está aquí. El dolor que siente Michael en ése grito mudo al final desgarra el alma. 
6649 "I ain't cried like this since I paid to see Godfather III." - Fat Tony80/100 
6650  "Never hate your enemies.It affects your judgement."Finally, I finished the trilogy!Tragic. Dramatic. Revenge.I know this is not the best part of the Godfather, without this the two parts before were just fine. But it still good, although It was hard to finish Part III because it is very slow.The Godfather: Part III (1990) sebenarnya punya rentang waktu yang agak jauh dibandingkan dengan The Godfather: Part II (1974). Untungnya masih disutradarai orang yang sama jadi feelnya…  
6651 esse filme foi um grande banho de lágrimas, sinto que não precisava dessa tristeza toda e aquele final nossa... simplesmente uma das coisas mais lindas e dolorosas.al pacino entregou a melhor atuação da vida dele nesse filme, se conectou ainda mais com o personagem e por mais que não chegue aos pés dos dois primeiros eu não acho que seja um filme desnecessário. 
6652  I wanted to see the original cut before watching the Coda version, but looks like the studio has essentially replaced that version.So without ever seeing the original cut, I thought this was very good. There is certainly a major step-down from the first two films, but Al Pacino is still a master in this role. And a young Andy Garcia pulls more than his own weight. Enough has been said about Sofia Coppola’s performance so I won’t tear her…  
6653 i love you michael corleone i will always love you 
6654  This is one of the most underrated, and over hated movies I ever saw, although it does pale in comparison to its predecessors, it’s still a great movie in its own right. There are lots of stuff this movie does right, first of all almost all the performances (with the exception Sofia Copula) vary from solid, to absolutely brilliant, Cinematography and soundtrack work together with absolute perfection here, and it was refreshing that this movie accomplished what it set to…  
6655  Mario Puzo's The Godfather Coda: The Death Of Michael Corleone“Just when I thought I was out…they pull me back in.”Mediocre at times, The Godfather Part III definitely doesn’t meet the standard set by its predecessors, but manages to barely recover by carrying over a percentage of the influence that came before it. This does not go without saying that the performances ranged from barley tolerable to solid. Al Pacino is stiff and looks like he has had enough…  
6656  The first two Godfather films are a hard act to follow, and while Part III fails to live up to its predecessors, it's mainly in comparison to the two titans that came before it. The third in the trilogy wants to expand the legacy even further, but at times it feels more like it is basking in its old glory, without adding quite as much to it as it could.And still, if you ignore the huge footsteps it tries…  
6657  Scavenger Hunt 85: Film #4 of 30"He's your first cousin.""Then I'll love him first."The Godfather Part 3 is a movie that shouldn't exist, but does try its hardest to be like the previous two films. There's some conceptually great stuff here and a handful of sequences and moments that are genuinely great, but they're surrounded by numerous issues. This film is an hour too long, trying to match the length of the other two films without having…  
6658  “What’s the point of confession if you don’t repent”My grandfather was a film critic at one point in his life and one of my favorite memories with him was going out for Chinese food at this local place he loved and him explaining to me that his favorite of The Godfather films was the third. I was shocked to say the least but I honestly can’t remember if he ever elaborated on why he felt that way. Seeing it…  
6659 Never watched it before so seeing this for the first time in the cinema was again a very great experience. I don’t think it is a bad film by any means and it wasn’t as bad as I was expecting but it’s just doesn’t have the excellence of the previous two. Al Pacino is excellent, Diane Keaton is brilliant, for the little amount of time she’s in it sadly, and Andy Garcia was great too but that’s about as far as it goes performance wise. Seeing the three Godfather films in cinema has been such a pleasure, a truly amazing experience every single time. 
6660 It’s like comparing Lord of the Rings movies with The Hobbit movies 
6661  This really missed the magic and flare of the previous two films. Part 3 wasn't entirely bad, there were some subtle moments in it that I deeply loved like the scenes when Michael remembers his marriage with Appolonia and tears up and how he breaks down over what he did to his brother Fredo, those scenes I really loved and connected to, but the majority of the film was just very mediocre. I wasn't very fond of that weird incest…  
6662 Ah yes! Tuco😯!After so many years, he finally became a Don 😌🙌! "Connie, All my life I've kept trying to go up in society. To where everything higher up was legal, straight...But the higher I go, the more crooked it becomes.Where the hell does it end?"It did end, sadly. Mournful ending. Never expected it to be this painful and tragic.I'm actually underwhelmed tho😐. Gotta see the 2020 recut🙌! 
6663 If we could erase Sofia Coppola from this film, it would elevate it immensely. Still a fantastic film even if it's not as good as 1 and 2. 
6664  It's becoming less and less of a hot take to say this isn't a terrible movie, it's just not good by the impossibe Godfather standard. Of course Sophia Coppola is awful, but it's pretty obvious that she was a last minute replacement who didn't want to be there, and I honestly think her entire performance might be a giant middle finger to the old man. What doesn't get talked about enough is how bad the actor playing Anthony is; for…  
6665 we talked about  The Godfather, The Godfather: Part II, and The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone  on the extended clip after-hours feed with our friend Rob Franco. it used to be behind the paywall but now it's free. one of us had a Godfather themed Bar Mitzvah, but who? only one way to find out... soundcloud.com/extendedclip/bonus-unlocked-godfather-bar-mitzvah 
6666  Two bits of trivia tell you all you need to know about The Godfather Part III:Francis Ford Coppola once admitted that he was still unhappy over the final result because of lack of time to write the script. According to him, he had wanted $6 million for the writer, producer, and director fee and 6 months to write the script. Instead, the studio gave him only $1 million in fees and only 6 weeks to work on the script…  
6667 Definitely the weakest out of the trilogy but still very good. Personally I liked it better than the first but that’s just me. The acting was great and I liked the way it was shot. Also big up Sofia Coppola, damn she was beautiful. Overall to sum up the series I think it is an amazing trilogy, and ranked from worst to best I would go, 3, 1, 2. 
6668 sofia please i cannot keep defending you 
6669 Am I being generous with this star rating? yes, definitely.But honestly? I did enjoy it. 
6670  [CODA CUT]Not as great of an improvement as I was hoping for narratively—case and point being the continued inclusion of Sofia Coppola. With this technically better looking and sounding remaster, FFC cuts out roughly 20min to help pacing, rearranging the entire narrative structure of the film, overhauling it to flow smoother. I don't think it does as drastic as expected of a job in raising the dramatic tension of the more monotonous exposition in story, but certainly a worthy…  
6671 The new cut made this movie better. Having that said, I still really don’t like Michael’s haircut, but I guess Francis Ford Coppola couldn’t fix that. 
6672  Ninguna película de El padrino hasta su tercer episodio había sido realista. Gangsters que suenan como Séneca; masacres de todos los enemigos de una familia criminal; asesinatos en lugares públicos sin posibilidad de huida: no son cosas que realmente pasen o hayan pasado en la historia de la Cosa Nostra; sin embargo eran excepciones en narrativas que tenían mucho que criticar sobre el estado de las cosas en lo que los estadounidenses llaman America. Las instituciones se revelaban como corruptas…  
6673 Digan lo que quieran, pero la principal razón por la que esta tercera parte se siente débil, es porque Coppola hizo las dos anteriores completamente desnudo pasando su gran miembro por la historia del cine.Con más visionados, aún se siente una buena conclusión; y a pesar de sus errores, tiene varios momentos emocionales alrededor de la decadencia de Michael Corleone. Encima ustedes quieren que la odie y la actuación de Al Pacino literal me hace llorar. Qué hombre por favor. 
6674 FFC has done an effective job fixing this up. It’s still marred by what it’s marred by, but less so (he’s cut a lot of Sofia’s worst moments, and certainly cleared up the narrative). And it looks and sounds great. If you’d given up on ever watching “Three” again, this is worth your time. 
6675 “he’s your first cousin.”“then i love him first.”no pls no why make it stop 
6676 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment.”The Godfather: Part III is the final entry in Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather trilogy and was released in 1990.  It follows ageing Mafia Don Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) as he seeks to avow for his sins and takes his nephew Vincent Mancini (Andy García) under his wing. As I mentioned in my The Godfather: Part II review, I feel like that film had a perfect ending so going into this I…   
6677  To be completely honest, most of this is pretty entertaining and there are some a few great sequences... it's just that none of it packs any real emotional weight like the other two films. It just feels useless, like a bonus DVD feature that has next to no impact on the viewer's assessment of the series. The ending, in particular, is so laughable. I was expecting it to go on for another half an hour, but it just ended with…  
6678  wow, it did not feel like a sequel to the godfather at all. however, if you watch it as a standalone gangster film, it’s crazy good and absolutely deserving of its best picture nomination. it did not deserve to win though, so i’m happy it lost. a necessary conclusion that should be watched with crazy low expectations, that’s why i enjoyed it. sofia coppola’s acting was mostly okay, but oh my god was it really bad in some scenes! i…  
6679 Part III is unfortunately not nearly as good as its two predecessors and pretty much an offer I can easily refuse. But indeed, the whole opera showdown at the end is pretty exciting. Also the death of Mary and the ending of the movie was hard to watch. Pacinos acting is just heartbreaking in those scenes! And also the music, especially the main theme, gets me everytime. 
6680 I don't understand why since the moment I watched The Godfather in high school all I ever heard about Part 3 were negative. Like people really hated this? Had me tearing up in the end. 
6681 Ok...it’s not a terrible movie, but to be something that follows two of the objectively best films of all time, it’s disappointing as hell. It looks too new to be a Godfather movie, ya know what i mean? I knew it wasn’t gonna be great or anything, in fact, there wre some scenes that I really liked, but it was just so boring. Do not let Sofia Coppola step in front of a camera ever again. She was terrible in The Outsiders, she was terrible in this. 
6682  Mucha gente odiaba/odia esta película... Pero el grito silencioso de Michael es uno de los momentos más poderosos que HE VISTO en el cine.Simplemente puntúa la historia. Mostrando el carácter de este personaje irrompible finalmente consumirse. Al héroe que vimos convertirse en villano.Al principio de este epílogo, cuando Mary Corleone muere, no te conmueve, debido a su mala actuación. Pero luego ves las reacciones de Michael y Kay. Kay grita, Michael pone su cabeza en sus manos y…  
6683  This is a significant drop off from the first two Godfather films, obviously. While it lacks the tensity of the first two films, it still has some great moments. Dear God, it has to be said. Every scene Maria was in I was cringing. Let this be a lesson to us all: don’t hire your daughter to be a lead actress in a film that you’re directing. An absolutely horrifying performance that changes the trajectory of the entire film. Thanks…  
6684 أنا تعمدت اشوف الجزء ده بعد فتره طويله من اول جزئين عشان احس نفس احساس الناس الي شافت الفيلم زمان وفعلا وصلني كتير من الإحساس بالإحباط الي وصل لمعظم الناس ، والكلام ده مش عشان الفيلم وحش لا بالعكس الفيلم جميل على مستوي الدراما والجريمه لكن بعيد عن عالم العراب الي دخلناه وعشنا معاه في اول جزئينالباتشينو كالعاده بيقدم دور عظيم لشخصيه عظيمه وقدر يزود ابعاد جديده ليها بسبب العمر والمسؤولية الي كبرت معاه وكمان الممثلة الي عملت دور بنته كانت جميله جدافي النهايه كانت سلسله عظيمه وايقونيه هتفضل خالده في ذهننا على طول 💖 
6685  I DONT CARE WHAT Y'ALL KEEP SAYING ABOUT THIS MOVIE BUT YES I FUCKING CRIED!!!!!! CRIED!!!!!! the ending got me so fucked up im about to send a letter to francis ford coppola cursing him because he just did that shit and i mean how could he????? was sofia supposed to play mary??? NO! is incest correct? NO! do i love michael corleone more than any other character in this whole trilogy??? YES! does he deserve rights? OF COURSE! are…  
6686 DON AL PACINO CORLEONE ♥️♥️♥️ 
6687 I AM DISGUSTED I AM REVOLTED I DEDICATE MY ENTIRE LIFE TO OUR LORD AND SAVIOR MICHAEL CORLEONE AND THIS IS THE THANKS I GET?? 
6688 Story, performance , details, every thing about this movie is great. Masterpiece. 18 Of 100 
6689 The Godfather Part III had a great ending that concluded the trilogy well. Al Pachino and Dianne Keaton were pretty good in here, and it’s still a well made film and cinematography is nice, but not as good as the previous. But just the characters Vincent and Michael’s daughter you don’t care about them. The dialogue is iffy at times and the story isn’t as strong and doesn’t keep you invested like the first two. 
6690 man y'all weren't kidding about sofia huh 
6691 im just gonna pretend i didnt witness sofia coppola's performance in this with my own two eyes so i could still rate this with 4 stars 
6692  50 Followers Special -Film #9Recomended by orfeasSo, I went into this movie with two thoughts. The first one being, this is the third Godfather, it will be awesome. It is the third Godfather. What can be wrong? The second one was, this movie has shitty reviews. What will I see?My overall thoughts? This could be described as a good-ish movie, but a vastly dissapointing Godfather sequel. If you see this as a stand-alone movie you will not…  
6693 Falls far short of the lofty heights reached by it's predecessors, and in it's attempt to recapture what made them so memorable, almost becomes a lampooning satirical version of itself. Thankfully Pacino delivers a great, grumbling performance, the film is always a pleasure to look at, and there are enough intriguing plotlines woven through this trilogy end cap that you're kept guessing as to what the hell is gonna happen next; the end is quite the payoff. 
6694  [44]THE GODFATHER PART III or: "Hey, Remember THE GODFATHER PARTS I & II?" Then again, is it only a coincidence that the best parts of PART III are the small flashbacks to previous installments? In all honesty, it's not a complete dumpster fire, it's just excessively bland and disengaging, always to be buried in the shadow of its masterpiece-caliber precedessors. Set designers still deserve a ton of credit for making the film nevertheless beautifully grungy and rich with grime, despite the fact…  
6695  Pretty terrible. There are so many problems with this, almost to the point where there are too many to name. Anyway, the big one being this didn't warrant making. The script is terrible - soppy, melodramatic, devoid of nuance - and it adds nothing we didn't already know or understand about Michael Corleone. The performances are terrible, especially on Keaton on Sofia Coppola's side. Even Pacino seems phoned-in. There's a point half way through where Michael and Kay go to…  
6696 It took so long to finish the end of an legendary saga. This movie was a little odd than the first two. Sofia Coppola was very bad in this movie as she was seen much in this movie. Andy Gracia just takes his role to another level and Al Pacino is just legendary. 
6697 Whoever styled Pacino's hair for this movie needs to be sued for defamation 
6698  "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!" - Francis Ford Coppola upon agreeing to do thisThe Godfather: Part III already has a lot going against it, most notably the absolutely difficult demand to live up to the reputation of its predecessors. Both of which happened to be among the best pictures ever made. Even with me taking that into account and trying my utmost to be gracious towards this one, I was still let…  
6699  The bastard of the series—it's Godfather in name, but tonally it's the mailman's kid. Beneath the smooth, attractive surface It feels like a cheesy, over-the-top melodrama—musica lirica di sapone, if you will. There are moments of camp, Pacino often seems out of character, and there's also some stuff that doesn't even make sense—like how does Vinny go from knucklehead goombah to don material in the space of a couple of weeks? And somehow, despite all the popes and cardinals, it…  
6700 It sucks and to scrounge up the few passing glimpses of Coppola's once immaculately steady hand would serve nothing more than another TOP 15 REASONS THE GODFATHER 3 ISN'T THAT BAD farticle. Sophia Coppola bearing the burden of critics too scared to burn a bridge or violate their payoff agreements is especially unfortunate, because her bad moments are drops in the ocean. Yes, Garcia sucks, but Pacino shouldn't and he does. What are you people smoking? 
6701 #Cinemasottolestelle2022Qui solo per ricordare che Spiderman: no way home ha 0.7 in più di questo film 
6702  El Padrino Parte III es una película bastante infravalorada. Quizá lo más criticable es Sofía Coppola, que muy emocionada por estar en la película no estaba. El papel debió ser de Winona Ryder; lastima que se echó para atrás. Ver a Michael Corleone en un estado tan débil es quizá algo que nunca nadie imaginó; es un hombre enfermo y desesperado por redimirse, y lo triste de su tragedia es que para hacerlo tiene que volver a revolcarse en el…  
6703  "When they come... they come at what you love."THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE -2020It's no secret that The Godfather Part III has long been my favorite in the trilogy. I just never saw what was so hated about this one and consistently rolled my eyes when called out on it, or saw a joke online or in media. Yes it had turmoil behind the scenes and was never going to reach the stately heights of…  
6704 I hope the couple fucking in the row below me in the theater enjoyed the helicopter shootout as much as I did.3.5/5. (He's your first cousin/Well, then I'll love him first.)[Director's Cut] 
6705 Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone cutAs someone who is primarily drawn--or even, you might say, PUUUUULLLLLLLLED BACK IN!--to The Godfather movies not for their epic scope or operatic themes of man's downfall or the perversion of Catholic ritual, but for the masterful way in which Coppola develops tension by arranging and re-arranging scenes of men glowering in well-lit rooms, I think I prefer this cut, which foregrounds more of that. That said, I like the original ending better. 
6706  This film gets a lot of hate and yes it’s it not as good as it’s predecessors. Nor are there many films that can be compared to The Godfather and The Godfather: Part II, both of which are masterpieces and arguably some of the greatest films ever made. So when you compare The Godfather: Part III, which isn’t a bad film, but fails to reach the scale of the first two then yes it’ll look like a bad film. It…  
6707  Bu filmde Coppola'nın yapmaya çalıştığı şeyi anlayabiliyorum. Bu yolda yürüyenlerin sonunun yine bu yolda geldiğini, başka bir çıkış yolu olmadığını anlatmayı istemiş. Bu üçleme bakımından da önemli bir mesaj ve yine finali itibariyle de 'ortada aile yoksa Godfather da yoktur' düşüncesi hikayeye iyi işliyor.Ama...Ama...AMA...Godfather III sahiden büyük bir fiyasko. İlk iki filmdeki teknik bütünlük burada yok. Marlon Brando'nun var ettiği Godfather imajı yerle bir edilmiş. Al Pacino bile iyi oynamıyor.Hele son yirmi dakikası. Kahrolası Opera…  
6708 Look, I wasn't really paying that much attention to it but was this Good™? No. 
6709  Sicilianos nunca esquecem, e nem eu vou esquecer o que fizeram com essa trilogia.Assistindo a esse filme, eu penso “pq tantas críticas negativas?” Aí a Sofia Coppola aparece e responde imediatamente. Virou bagunça. Depois das obras-primas que são as partes I e II, esse filme é igual ao Vincent: um bastardo. O Al Pacino carregou o filme nas costas enquanto a querida Sofia era uma pedra no sapato dele. Porém, foi muito bom ver a sra. mãe do Scorsese…  
6710 literally i have to say what so many others sayon its own its greatbut compared to the first 2 its very disappointing 
6711 I'm gonna fucking kill myself 
6712 really not badenjoyed it a lot more than i was expecting to having heard the reviews. obviously it’s nowhere near part 1 or 2 or apocalypse now but it didn’t disappoint 
6713 Trilogy completed. I think this could have been a little more concise, but this still adds a lot of great lore to the series. Michael’s conscience finally catches up with him and his emotions start to show as he faces his regrets. Vincent is a great addition and one ruthless mf. But, try as she may, Mary is a pretty awful watch and literally kills the momentum of the big ending with a single word. That said, the third act is huge, albeit a little hard to follow. Still a perfectly acceptable entry into the franchise. 
6714 Si, ese cumpleaños me aventé el maratón de El Padrino... Michael recibió un castigo peor que morir. Qué escena la de la ópera, que sentimiento de impotencia, no por Michael, si ya la viste sabrás por quien. Cuando la veas, lo sabrás...Si la muerte de su primer esposa le hizo entrar al mundo al que se resistía, ésta otra ya no se sabrá, pero se deduce 
6715 30 years from now me showing up for the GF3 remake casting call:I’m here to audition for the role of “guy who dies with cannoli in hand”.It’s good, but the stakes were too high and we all knew it wasn’t up to the challenge. 
6716 " Je brûlerais en enfer pour qu'il ne t'arrive rien." 💘 
6717  Paramount 1.85:1Color35mm18“Never let anyone know what you are thinking”THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEIt is becoming a recurring trait of legendary auteur and cinematic pioneer Francis Ford Coppola to tinkle and modify his catalogue of greatest hits. Only a blink and you'll  miss it: the moment that the third and proposed FINAL CUT of Coppola's Apocalypse Now was treated to a revitalised restoration and another trim. Coppola has now treated audiences to…  
6718 i added a review a few hours ago, but i just have to mention - the silent scream in the end is the best acting i have ever seenal pacino captures the emotion perfectly, and the way everyone just looks at him being completely and utterly desperate, god so perfect, really the greatest actor of all time and the best acting in the whole trilogy 
6719 well yeah sofia coppola's acting is terrible and the incest thing is making me sick BUT WE STAN SOFT PAPA MIKE IN THIS ONE 
6720 Dreamin’ of FredoPacino vs. The Vatican MafiaHe dips his bullets in cyanide. 
6721  Watching this through of the lense of it’s recent and, according to Francis, definitive recut helped me understand the story as more of a Coda to the original duology as opposed to a trilogy capper, which I think helped me enjoy this a lot more. I’ve certainly heard that it’s a massive disappointment compared to the previous two movies, and it is like come on Tom Hagen not being in this movie is almost unforgivable. But I certainly can appreciate…  
6722  I finally did it.I finished it.A trilogy I always knew little about, yet I knew they were influential. I knew I would eventually watch them, I just wasn't sure when... now it is complete.Desperate for redemption, an elderly Michael Corleone searches for forgiveness and love as a new protégé appears"The Godfather Part III" could never match up to its predecessors, however, it still serves as a solid epilogue to the franchise.Before I get into everything,…  
6723 Much much better than I expected it to be, Coppola's control of tone and atmosphere is as rich and textured as ever, and there are some sequences in here I would argue hold their own against the best from the first two Godfathers-- who doesn't love a good opera setpiece? But yeah, from a story perspective, Pacino is carrying this one on his back, with a truly upsetting performance as the ailing Michael Corleone; my boy will never beat the overacting allegations but his facial expression in those final moments is just... haunting. The hatred for this one is way overblown. 
6724 Da prvi i drugi deo ne postoje, ovaj film bi imao mnogo bolju reputaciju(try not to thirst over vincent corleone challenge: miserably failed✅) 
6725  In giving a wrap-up, a conclusion to two of the most powerful crime and family stories to come out of the seventies, Francis Ford Coppola took a risk that many feel didn't pay off. I almost wish I didn't know what criticisms people had before viewing it again recently (I had seen the film when I was in my early teens, but forgot most of it). Some of them, such as the mis-casting of Sofia Coppola, the long, drawn-out scenes,…  
6726 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I gotta say that this film is very overhated and sadly wasn’t as good as the first two Godfather films but it was an acceptable end for the Godfather trilogy, Michael Corleone spent his whole life trying to protect and do everything for his family from his brothers, to close friends and even his own children, but in the end he couldn’t protect anyone, not even his own daughter. Michael Corleone is undeniably apart of the top 10 greatest characters of all time. Cent'anni.  
6727 A good crime movie but not a great godfather movie and still good movie overall and very over hated 
6728 O filme realmente e o mais fraco da da trilogia, porém e um bom filme, mais não e tem grandes acontecimentos marcantes como o outro filme, a história não e tão interessante como o outro e uns acontecimentos e adições que deixa muito a desejar, mais ainda curti bastante, atuações, figurino, tudo impecável. 
6729 unfortunately spent most of this movie thinking about how much michael corleone reminds me of nicolas sarkozy 
6730 I fell asleep twice. 
6731 Al Pacino falling off a chair like a rag doll might just be the funniest movie ending in cinema history, but also one of the worst. I laughed hysterically to mask the pain of watching almost three hours of pure disrespect towards Part 1 and 2. 
6732 Mira como masacraron a mi muchacho5 teatros de 10 
6733  Why hasn’t this been reclaimed as some sort of camp classic? Seriously, it’s packed with the filmic equivalent of purple prose (Joe Mantegna’s performance, Eli Wallach’s performance, most of Al Pacino’s performance, about sixty percent of the dialogue, every shootout scene, and everything that takes place in the last half-hour or so), such that I spent large amounts of it cackling uncontrollably, which just feels wrong for a Godfather film. The plot is insane and incomprehensible, and I couldn’t decide…  
6734 Watched the newer 2020 recut version -  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. Better start and ending for sure vs GF III, and somehow Sofia is edited to be less irritating. 
6735  For its thirtieth anniversary, Francis Ford Coppola revisited and recut The Godfather Part III, retitling it The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. Coppola streamlined the film, cutting out about thirteen minutes from the 1991 director's cut, and significantly rearranged the beginning and ending of the film. This is the version that I watched, and I found it to be a very good film.The dialogue is not as good or as memorable as the first two films, but…  
6736 not what i expected! just didn’t have the same feel as the first two.this is the longest review i have written for a godfather movie 🤯 
6737  Uhh... I don't own the recut CODA version of the film, so the theatrical cut will have to do, and...I can say whatever I want about this film as long as I rated the first 2 extremely highly right? Well I'm doing it anyway: it's fine enough - I mean nobody's going to pout because I consider this to easily be the worst of the trilogy - but it's biggest weakness is that it felt more plot driven than…  
6738 Imagine spending your Saturday watching The Godfather trilogy in one sitting. What a day I’m exhausted but.. WORTH IT! 
6739  This is the Coda cut of Godfather III, which I have never seen before, so I will withhold my previous judgment that, as a big, freewheeling, worldwide organized crime picture, this is decent enough, but as a Godfather movie, it is multifaceted, in that it both sucks, and blows.Oh, it starts off promisingly enough, with Michael agreeing to meet with a banker from the Vatican who has made a few bad investments, and now stands to get himself excommunicated…  
6740  Updated from the note I made on Tuesday… Watched The Coda Edition today at theater, and I can see why this gets regarded as the weakest in the trilogy. Although I found more issues with the second film than the vast majority of people do, this one just fails to reach the precedent sent by its predecessors. It starts off promising, and Andy Garcia’s character is quite intriguing, I really liked the scene where he tends off the house intruders…  
6741 מה אפשר להגיד, רבותיי (?) 
6742  Finishing up my rewatch now that I have the 4K UHD remaster set.This is the recut version of The Godfather Part 3 (titled The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone)This was always the weakest link in the stellar Godfather trilogy. I never thought it was a bad movie (though there are some not so great elements to it such as Sophia Coppola… she is a great director. Not so great as an actor. At least not at…  
6743 People often unfairly blame the shortcomings of Godfather 3 entirely on Sofia Coppola's performance. They're not looking at the bigger picture. The whole damn trilogy is about the patriarch's rise and the nepotism involved in selecting a successor. According to IMDb she played a different role in each film including the titular Michael Corleone as a baby. She started as an Easter egg and was fertilzed into an Easter embryo. 
6744 Haven't seen this film but wanna give it a review as im 3rd person in the world to review it. 
6745  (Edit: It seems Letterboxd has removed the Coda version of The Godfather 3 so what I said below no longer makes sense. Now this entry shows up under the original Godfather 3, not the Coda version that no longer exists)How was I not aware that a recut version of The Godfather Part 3 got released in 2020 and how am I only the 2nd person on Letterboxd to log it.Also, why can't I find the original 1990 version…  
6746 Rewatch 🚨It’s a very peculiar film. At some points I think it’s good but others I think that’s as so pointless. Obviously I and everyone else knows this isn’t as good as the first two so not comparing it to those, it’s still a decent film. 
6747  Although it’s clearly a step below the first two in terms of the storyline, overall writing and general stuff like that and also some of the plot points in this movie are downright ridiculous (everything to do with John Paul the 1st), I still think The Godfather III is excellent and severely underrated. The whole opera sequence at the end is some of the best stuff in the whole trilogy. Al Pacino is great as always, Andy Garcia is good…  
6748 I know it’s part of the first two and I appreciate the effort made here. It’s a dark phase for me here and ending just breaks me like damn, this is a great movie with a big blow. Andy Garcia and Sofia were just lovely here. 
6749  I think I like it more than I did after this second watch (only watched coda version twice)  on the cinema screen, and I can even tolerate the performance by Sofia Coppola 😂. Overall the third episode is not bad, but compared with the first and second ones, it is indeed not that good, but the story feels natural. This rise and fall of the Corleone family is destined since the beginning. Really love so many scenes in part III…  
6750 Definitely not as good as one and two but still a classic in its own. Glad they stopped here because even in this one the story started to get a little outlandish. I wish they would’ve killed off the worst acting ever sooner but I’m glad they got to it eventually. Use your imagination to figure who I’m talking about. 
6751 when i fucking catch you francis ford coppola...... when i fucking get you... 
6752 Sofia Coppola do be bad actor. Really disappointing conclusion to this trilogy. It just felt so unsatisfying. 
6753 Unsure if I should review this or The Godfather Part 3 as almost no one has logged this, but damn Sofia Coppola really sucked in this, huh? At first glance, she seems fine, only awkward enough to be believable but damn her line delivery just is not it. Sadly that’s not the film’s only problem, as plot points and characters feel forced, lacking the weight of the first two films. Overall, I’m glad I watched the supposedly better version of this as it was already quite dull. 
6754  I was already a defender of the theatrical cut, but what was interesting about watching the Coda cut was how Coppola shaped it into the movie I essentially already saw. You know how you watch something and you don't always absorb every single thing every time? Most viewings of things you're taking pieces here and there and putting them together yourself, to a degree. Those moments and beats and lines, etc, that really connect the dots of how you're following…  
6755  Coda edition, first watch in any format, and lucky enough to see it on the big screen. Apart from not being Team Sofia (she plays it too young for me to buy Garcia's continued obsession, and to be fair, the writing of her character is probably the weakest) and it being the third-best Godfather movie, it's pretty terrific - five scenes amongst Coppola's best, some of Pacino's greatest moments (the confession of sins, my God!), the unexpected but very welcome…  
6756  Mario Puzo´s The Godfather Coda: The death of michael Corleone...STILL SUCKSBasically, the film removes 10 minutes and adds 2. I´m sorry Francis. That´s not enough to save 2 and half hours of dull storytelling. The bad stuff still here: The bad dialogue, the romance between Vincent and Mary, flamboyant Joe Mantegna, the over the top killing, the helicopter scene that seems like a GTA cutscene (MY LUCKY COAT !), Godawful sound effects that looks like Goldeneye N64,…  
6757 THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE Never seen the original cut of this because I cherish 1 and 2 too much to willingly do so, but in a world where filmmakers like George Lucas vandalize their own films decades later in the name of “improvement,” it’s nice to see a take on that that actually seems to work. This hits all the right notes for a Godfather epilogue, but in any case it’s still very uncomfortable that Sofia Coppola’s own father directed her in such an alarmingly horny role. 
6758  The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneFor the record, I've always defended The Godfather: Part III and found the majority of the popular criticisms shallow. As is the case with fanbase opinions on supposedly weaker entries in popular franchises, a film can only be amazing or terrible, with no real room for nuance in-between. That's either obnoxious or reactionary. Though, with that said I think the 2020 Coda cut of this film is sort of leaning towards greatness…  
6759  Francis Coppola RankedThere’s a bit of good and quite a bit of bad.So The Godfather Part III got recut and re-edited and got released into theaters so I’m going to see it soon because tickets are really cheap.Now about the original version...Is Sofia Coppola horrible in her role? YesIs this movie overly long? YesIs this movie anywhere close to as good as the first two? No of course notThe whole cousin/incest relationship is…  
6760 Surely something has to be said about how this thing dryly meanders for two hours only to take a freaking sledgehammer to your tear-ducts during its final moments. Curious to see if Coppola’s new “Coda” makes the pain any worse. 
6761 THE GODFATHER CODA: The Death of Michael Corleone. This new version of the film is an extremely satisfying/tragic ending to THE GODFATHER SAGA. The slight changes that were made really make the film a lot more focused and impactful. Re-watching the trilogy back to back really made me realize that this trilogy is meant to be viewed as ONE EPIC story. Sequels are mostly optional. Whereas THE GODFATHER CODA is essential. DAMNNNNNN THE COPPOLA KING GOT ME!-Jake Lynn 
6762 only seen the original version once as a teenager, basically don’t remember it, so this was like a first time. great movie 
6763  “The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone” feels really good as both a film on its own merits but also as a “Godfather” film. There are many things people dislike about the original cut of Part III, and I can safely say that lots of that has been changed significantly in this re-edit of Part III which is a lot better.But of course some things can’t be changed, such as Sofia Coppola’s widely panned performance as Mary Corleone…  
6764 This is like making a cookie with no baking soda. It looks like The Godfather it kinda tastes like The Godfather, but it was fundamentally fucked up from the beginning so does it matter? 
6765 While it's nowhere near as great as the first two, Part III is a decent enough conclusion, with one hell of a gut-punch finale. Pacino is excellent as always, along with the returning cast (no Duvall is a shame), while newcomers Andy Garcia did solid, and Sofia Coppola brought down the movie a bit, with her flat delivery.Really curious to see the director's cut, as I'm in the minority of liking the theatrical version. 
6766 Francis Ford Coppola dirigió a Al Pacino, Marlon Brando y Robert De Niro en esta trilogía y no se pudo dar cuenta de la terrible actuación de su hija? 
6767 Martin Scorsese’s mom making a cameo was the most entertaining part of this tbh. 
6768  "Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgement."The Godfather: Part III was not ruined by Sofia Coppola. It was ruined by weak writing and underdeveloped characters. Sofia Coppola's poor performance was merely a result of that. An unexpected cameo from Martin Scorsese's mother and incest can't even save this film from its lack of emotional depth and tiresome, convoluted narrative. The final act boasts a great set piece in the opera house. Its artfulness truly matches the elaborate and…  
6769 i'm hurt. hurt by how unnecessary this is, hurt by what they did to these beautiful characters, and hurt by how they ended this wonderful series. who allowed that to happen? 
6770 Hm. Definitely the worst of the trilogy. I like the first 2 "Godfather" films but I don't love them. This one I genuinely did not like.Al Pacino is great. The music is still great. I liked the first half hour and the last 5 minutes. Everything between that was boring as balls. Sofia Coppola wasn't as bad as I heard she was but still, yikes.Overall, this was just a huge bore and a lame way to end the trilogy. 
6771  La gente que no le gusta esto????? No puedo creer que tenga una puntuación tan baja. Realmente, qué tiene esta que no tengan las otras dos? Es difícil superar a las dos primeras, dos de las mejores obras de la historia, pero El padrino III es el cierre justo,necesario, a tan magnífica saga. Todo lo que había sido presentado antes, se cierra perfectamente. Quizás no tenga la magia y las actuaciones de las otras, faltan muchos personajes y los reemplazos…  
6772 I still insist The Sicilian is the true third Godfather film but this has got mad ambition at times.Easily the best aspect of it, surprisingly enough, is Connie Corleone, who's the coolest she's ever been in this saga.Also until going thru the cast for the tags for my review (force of habit), I never realised just how impressive the cast for this one was; there are the most interesting of people to be found in even the most minor of roles in this one. 
6773 OK BOOMERS!6.5/10 
6774 I haven’t seen this film in quite a while since the first two are miles better... but I honestly don’t think it’s that bad that people led me to believe.Yeah Sofia Coppola’s acting sucks and the script felt rushed, but I still enjoyed it very much. 
6775 Just when I thought I was out, this movie pulls me back in! 
6776 It's not that terrible of a movie, it's just the unfortunate (and unnecessary) sequel to two classics. 
6777 they really just shouldn’t have made this movie. it’s not that they waited too long or that Sofia Coppola was terrible in this, they should just never have made it. confusing, unmemprable, anticlimactic, rambling, and an embarrassing finish to what was a perfectly rounded atoryline that was completed in the second one. 
6778 Sechzehn Jahre später ist Al Pacino AL PACINO, und nicht mehr Michael Corleone. Und das strengt ihn offensichtlich furchtbar an - und mich auch. 
6779  The Godfather: Part III's greatest crime is being a perfectly fine film. It has all the components that made the previous two films (Willis's resonant visuals, the musical themes of Nino Rota, the massive and accomplished cast), but Coppola's approach to directing and writing is what I feel changes this film. The film lacks the spirit and energy of the previous two, on top of returning to a more linear narrative. The films of the 70s had bite, vigour, real…  
6780 Cartoon Al Pacino has absorbed the 70s powerhouse. Sofia constantly looks like she's going to bust out an Elvis impression. Joe Mantegna stretches for his Baby's Day Out role. Andy Garcia was a thing. Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in 
6781 Tragedy in a pure form 
6782 Sofia Coppola was bad and didn't feel right in her role, but everything else still holds up.Part 3 features more climax and action with a gripping finale, but doesn't quite reach the grandeur of the first two.It's a very well made film and did justice in its own right. 
6783 I still feel the same way about this movie when I watched it the first time. I think it’s fine. It’s no where near the first two but it’s a nice epilogue for these characters and their story. I like it but I don’t love it. 
6784  Uhhh I mean it's alrighttttttI kinda sorta knew what I was getting into with this one based off of the majority opinion. First of all, this movie really missed Robert Duvall's presence as Tom Hagen. I know he dropped out due to salary disputes, but a familiar face would have added something positive to the film in regards to the 16 year difference between the releases of part II and part III.Next, I realize that all three films…  
6785 idk I think if you make the first two and then your son dies, you get to make whatever movie you want about a child dying! 
6786 the way some of your reviews made me think this is the worst film ever produced 
6787 Ending got me again. fuck sake 
6788 Der Nachzügler mit einem gereiften Al Pacino der zu der Phase der Karriere in anderen Filmen stärker war und ein junger Andy Garcia, der aufbrausend die Geschicke an sich reißt. Dazu ein verkopfter Vatikan-Plot und schon haben wir ein Sequel, nach dessen Existenzberechtigung mein auch nach Jahrzehnten noch fragt. Lichtjahre von der Qualität der Vorgänger entfernt, aber mit ausreichend DNA dieser, um die Trilogie mit einem guten Gefühlt abzuschließen. 
6789 When it isn't being absurd, (the helicopter scene) or pointless (the cousin romance subplot) or poorly acted (Joe Mantegna, Sofia Coppola, the list goes on) or convoluted (basically the entire plot) or amateur (the poor use of flashbacks and voiceover) The Godfather: Part III is extraordinarily boring. 
6790 Been on the watchlist for 30 years. Put it on the other day, actually really liked it. Bad news first: there's some pretty bad dialogue and some pretty bad ADR, Sofia Coppola is pretty bad. The good news: Pacino, Joe Mantegna, Eli Wallach, the cinematography, and the ending are all great. Look forward to checking out the new edit soon. 
6791  *Coda Version*Looking at this film from a glass “half full” approach rather than “half empty”, a mob film that brings a satisfying closure to a trilogy featuring two of the greatest crime dramas ever placed on screen. Michael Corleone is getting closer to the end and has now become haunted with his sins of the past. A distant family, Fredo’s death, the murders, old age, regrets, and a sense of being forever irredeemable even with all his money and…  
6792 [Coda version] sofia coppola on some real disney channel level acting here 
6793 La diferencia en cuanto a las otras dos películas se nota considerablemente, pero la calidad sigue siendo innegable.Bajo mi humilde opinión:Godfather II >>> Godfather I >>> Godfather III 
6794 Yeah, Michael Corleone’s death is sad and all. But you know what’s sadder? When they show clips back-to-back in this movie of young Al Pacino and old Al Pacino. RIP young Al and his good looks 😩 
6795  I would have to agree with Francis Ford Coppola's suggestion that The Godfather: Part III be viewed as a Coda to the Godfather saga, instead of an entire third part: while it does continue the story of the Corleone family years after Michael and Kay's divorce in Part II, it is more of an ending to Michael's story than anything else: the rise and fall of Michael Corleone. Unfortunately, I have not yet had the chance to view the 2020…  
6796 The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone cutNot sure about the new beginning, and not sure how much it really changes, but it's definitely a more emotional experience. The wistful feel is definitely heightened here, for the better. Still has some of Coppola's most plainly beautiful (and thematically relevant!) imagery. 
6797 THE GODFATHER III - with 50% less insight and 100% more cousin fucking. 
6798  “Why was I so feared, and you so loved? What was it?”From the opening shots of Michael Corleone’s abandoned Tahoe lakehouse, desolate and in ruin, death lingers over every frame of this film. It infects it, like a sickness; even Al Pacino’s face appears abnormally gaunt, a death mask, the hardened and worn reflection of the man he once was, now etched with a lifetime’s worth of regret... his youth, his future, erased. In this sense, he feels far…  
6799  I'd already seen Part I & II not long ago so I would combine 2 weeks into one and see this insteada lot better than people give it credit forI actually enjoy this a lot more than the second one but the acting from Sophia Coppola is awful making Part II still a better pictureat first, you kinda just see Al Pacino but then he sinks into the role betterone of my favourite lines is EEEEE-OOOOO, EEEEE-OOOOO…  
6800 Not the epic disaster some people make this out to be, but its certainly the weakest of the trilogy mostly thanks to a story that fails to be anywhere near as interesting as the previous two films. Sophia Coppollas terrible acting doesn't help either.Still, for all its short comings, it does give us one hell of a tense and brilliantly filmed final 40 minutes. 
6801 I watched The Coda version. Whilst it’s nowhere near the movies it’s predecessors are, Coppola delivers a brilliant and emotionally devastating ending for Michael Corleone, who spends the movie as a regretful, older and wiser version of the ice cold bastard he became at the climax of part 2. I’d agree Sophia Coppola was miscast as Mary and would’ve much preferred to see original choice Winona Ryder in the role, but she’s undeserving of the savage reviews she got. 
6802  This review is for the 2020 Coda version.I expected a flaming pile of shit, but Part III was pretty great!Obviously, not as good as Part II, and doesn't touch the original, but ends up being a fantastic conclusion in my eyes. The performances are all solid, I especially loved Andy Garcia, and Coppola's direction feels a little awkward at times, but still good. The film lost me a little at the beginning, with the frankly boring money and…  
6803  Primele doua filme The Godfather sunt printre filmele mele preferate deci cand am auzit ca partea a 3 a va fi ecranizata la Cinema Timis eram mai mult decat socat. Totusi am fost si mai socat si nu intr un mod pozitiv de multe din deciziile artistice luate de acest film. In primul rand, tot filmul a fost in romana, si nici macar nu era dubbed. In loc sa il cheme pe personajul principal Michael, l a chemat Mihai. Candva…  
6804 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneAfter revisiting parts one and two and having a much deeper appreciation especially for the second film, I was hesitant on if I wanted to rewatch this one as well. I remembered it being mostly incredibly boring, except for a few scenes that were unintentionally funny. The main thing motivating me to give it a second chance was the recent "Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone" version of the film that Coppola considers to…   
6805 Coppola’s recut of 3 into Coda is masterful Read here 
6806  it's not that bad, but it's not that good.first off, let me just start with the fact that coppola casted his own daughter (soffia coppola i'm so glad you're a director now because acting ain't for you) to an incest role???? like wtfthen, i gotta say that michael did what he had to do, okay? i completely understood why he killed fredo (although it wasn't easy) and we all knew he wasn't gonna win best father/brother/husband of the…  
6807 [The Godfather CODA The Death of Michael Corleone Version]You wouldn’t think you would need to make a nearly 3 hour movie about why dating your 1st cousin is wrong and dangerous, but here we are. 
6808 Good 
6809 “Just when I think I’m out, they pull me back in”Somethings just can’t be undone. Sophia Coppola is so hot but she a cousin lover 😒 
6810  I've been watching way too heavy stuff for a chill New Year's Day (first Glass and now this), but both were high on my watchlist and I'm glad I can check them off now. Ever since I saw The Godfather part one and two at the cinema almost two years ago, I also wanted to watch this second sequel, but sadly it wasn't part of the cinematic run nor was it available to me anywhere else.If this was ninety…  
6811 In this one, the cannoli becomes the gun. 
6812   ˚୨୧⋆｡˚ ⋆ When the Sicilians wish you 'Cent'anni'... it means 'for long life'... and a Sicilian never forgets.”  ˚୨୧⋆｡˚ ⋆ok i have so much to say about this film so bare with me ୨୧ first up this movie does not deserve the hate it gets. Like yeah the incest plot line is weird. but i know y’all ain’t coming for my girl sofia’s acting, when mind you she was 18. like i would like to see you do a…  
6813 I'll say it againTHE. FUCKING. SILENT. SCREAM. 
6814 This was the Coda version and honestly it hasn’t really improved things. There are some horrible miscasting ,the story isn’t very involving and it still feels like your sitting through a whole opera at the end.Look it’s not a bad film really but after the first two classics it just pales in comparison. 
6815 The producer's name is Fred Fuchs. 
6816  "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in."The notorious "lesser" Godfather... Part III features some beautifully composed shots that remind us that Francis Ford Coppola is a true master of the craft. I also––for the most part––really like the dialogue and a lot of the acting. Andy Garcia, in particular, really shines in this film, and his character's arc is *almost* as interesting as Michael's was in the first film. I also found a lot…  
6817 there are too many let downs to count imothe heart of the letdown is the Mary Corleone character, I blame FF Coppola moreso for dropping the ball on thisso many “could've would've should've” scenarios going thru my head trying to figure out this shitstorm of a filmi kind of got what we were going for, but the path to get there was so fucked up 
6818 Yeah it's not as good as the first two BUT you really got to respect that one guy who'd rather get shot to death than give up his lucky coat. 
6819 THIS WAS NOT AS BAD AS PEOPLE WERE CALLING IT.I FOUND IT GOOD.ITS JUST THAT THE PREVIOUS INSTALLMENT WAS HIGHLY COMPLIMENTED AND THAT EXPECTATION OF PEOPLE FOR THIS MOVIE RUINED THEIR EXPERIENCE.ITS A GOOD MOVIE FROM A STANDALONE POINT OF VIEW AND EVEN AS AN END TO A TRIOLOGY.THEREFORE NO COMPLAINTS.AL PACINO YOU BEAUTY!!! 
6820  Now, am I going to sit here and say this is as good as The Godfather Parts 1 & 2?No... are you daft? Of course not...But I DO think it's undeserving of it's reputation as the *textbook* example of a disappointing 3rd-Installment within a trilogy, ESPECIALLY when films like Return of the Jedi & Back to the Future Part 3 existIt's good... fine... good? Fine.Ultimately it's the execution that let's it down - Coppola's approach to filmmaking feels fundamentally…  
6821 This is the film equivalent of game of thrones season 8 because what on earthSofia Coppola’s performance was absolutely tragic, but it’s ok because she made Marie Antoinette 
6822 “You know, Michael, now that you're so respectable I think you're more dangerous than you ever were. In fact, I preferred you when you were just a common Mafia hood.”That cousin part was a bit weird. —List: Francis Ford Coppola, Ranked [as director]List: Al Pacino, Ranked [as actor]List: The Godfather [Collection], RankedList: 1990, Ranked 
6823 definitely a little overhated. loved scorsese's mom making an appearance 
6824  The End.The Godfather Part 3 is definitely a step-down from the first two films, But in my opinion I found it a good movie, Feel like it is overhated? Like, It's not that bad, It has it's flaws but it's still pretty good, Also delivers a good ending.Direction is superb as always, Great background music, etc just like the first two films, But the thing here is that it can be quite boring at times, I feel like…  
6825 A decent end to the trilogy but nowhere near the levels of the first 2.85/100 
6826 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Pacino looks like the poster from The Stuff at the end  
6827 [my lesbian telekinesis throwing everything across the room when i was 10 listening to my parents watch the godfather part iii and talk about how ugly they think sofia coppola is] SHE IS NOT MID!!!!!!! 
6828  I didn't expect much from this, as it's rating is so much lower than the previous two films, and that's for the best. The one redeeming quality of Coda is just to see what becomes of our beloved cast of characters, but I think it's valid to just disregard Coda altogether and have The Godfather epic end after Part II. 20-30 years have taken place and Michael as a character is now barely recognizable in Pacino's portrayal of him. He…  
6829 "Der Pate 3" Ein Epischer Abschluss der Trilogie mit einem verdammt starken Al Pacino.Immer wenn du denkst es ist vorbei, zieht es dich wieder rein ! 
6830  Coda Cut. Of course Coppola isn’t going to be shooting movies in the exact same style as he was 16 years ago, and you can instantly tell. Although we open up with another big family party, he doesn’t give the scenes time to breathe and unfold. Everything in G3 feels a bit close up and cramped in those garish halls/mansion rooms.The largest tragedy in this movie is the costume designer who kept putting Diane Keaton in a myriad of…  
6831 Definitely The Weakest out of The Trilogy.Pacing : 8/10Cinematography : 8/10Story : 7/10Plot : 7.4/10Overall Rating : 7.9/10 
6832 "I would burn in hell to keep you safe."The Fredo of the Godfather trilogy. Right down to the inappropriate boning. 
6833  Theatrical ReleaseSo, today I discovered that my whole life has been a lie, well since 1990 anyway. For years I thought there was only one version of Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather Part III (1990) until The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (2020) was released. Well it turns out the version of the film that appears on every single home media format, prior to the recent The Godfather 50th Anniversary Edition, is in fact a director’s cut and not the…  
6834 Oh grow up, it’s good. And sometimes even really great. Everything with Pacino and Keaton is very cute. 
6835 70/100 
6836  Avoided watching this on my only other experience with The Godfather, but it was finally time to give it a chance. Only thing I knew going in was that Sofia Coppola’s performance was historically panned. Fortunately, I found her more flat and boring than irritating. She’s also barely featured. The movie is weaker for more reasons that don’t have anything to do with her. The biggest flaw is the lack of history or depth given to what characters remain around…  
6837 You know as bad😈 as he is, you gotta respect one thing about Michael. He drew the line at incest🙈. Everyone else was like, “no come it’s fine!🤪 They’re just first cousins!🤮” But he stood his ground and said “NO😡 It’s not right🙅‍♂️, and I won’t stand for it, morality😇 matters in the family!👨‍👩‍👧‍👦”🙏 
6838 Now with Coppola’s new preferred cut Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone". I still won’t call this a great movie, but this new cut makes it better and certainly a more watchable and emotionally satisfying experience. Like the first two films, the Dolby Vision HDR grade does what it’s supposed to do. It has a splendid Dolby TrueHD 5.1 track.Movie: 8/10Picture Quality: 10/10Audio Quality: 9/10 
6839 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone is now a fitting finale to the saga, and even Sofia didn’t seem so bad this time around. Some of the most memorable sequences live in this film including a closing stretch as good as anything in the series. The 4K UHD versions of all three films are the ultimate presentation. 
6840 i remembered nothing about this before rewatching it and i can’t assure you i remember something now but definitely liked it more than the first time around 
6841 This is the most overhated movie I've ever fucking seen 
6842 eu amo tanto a construção do michael corleone serio passaria horas falando disso 
6843 people can call me weird but this part, which i actually enjoyed, turns out to be my favourite and i'm not sorry 
6844 fuck the haters this movie is fun wacky and wild sofia isn’t even that terrible and she looked really cute in all her little outfits and her gorgeous long hair and it even has the i factor (incest) 
6845 Joe, Tom and Isaac aren’t going to be happy that I’ve rated a godfather film.Cool. 
6846 Closing out my Godfather re-watch party. Easily the worst of the trilogy. I actually do not have a problem with Sofia Coppola the actress, but I found her storyline very uninteresting. Andy Garcia is easily the best part of this movie. Pacino is too much in the background in this one. Sure, he has lots of screen time, but he spends it talking about his feelings and all his regrets. Not the Michael we grew to love in the first two chapters. Final thought: The Attack of the Clones of this franchise. 
6847  Two screens: The Godfather, Part III/Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone“Is it happening again?”“Not like that, sweetie.”Should I log this twice? I mean, I did technically watch two movies, just simultaneously. I rigged up two monitors, one playing The Godfather, Part III and the other playing The Godfather, Coda. I watched them in synch, occasionally pausing one so that the other would catch up.The most important observation here is the most obvious.…  
6848 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   (Watched The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone edition)And with that I’m finally finished watching one of the my favourite trilogies all time on the big screen. What a fantastic experience it was seeing the films where they truly belonged. (I honestly can’t remember much of the original cut of Part III so that’s why I keep comparisons between the two cuts of the film to a minimum).Let me start off by saying this film (and incidentally…   
6849 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Como película es muy buena, y como continuación de la saga.....También! Siendo sinceros, la primera vez que la vi, por las críticas y demás opiniones pensé que sería muy mala, cuando la vi quedé gratamente sorprendido, quizás no sea mejor que la película anterior, pero eso no significa que sea mala, y para mi, no es mala película, todo lo contrario.La película pone a un Michael ya más viejo y débil, ya no es tan temible como antes, y…   
6850  Ten years after watching the second film in The Godfather trilogy, I finally got around to watching the final part. The vitriol and the ridicule around the third film made me hesitate, but when an anniversary directors cut was announced, I thought I should finally see what all the fuzz was about. The Godfather Coda : The Death of Michael Corleone, is a good film that unfortunately lives in the shadows of two classics. Michael Corleone’s storyline of doubt and…  
6851  every family has bad memoriesmario puzo’s the godfather coda: the death of michael corleonefirst of all, tmdb is so fckn wack because they keep deleting the entry for the godfather coda.  like, it’s a legitimate film - why tf do they not want it to be included here?  i had started a log on the coda entry, but had to save it to drafts, and when i came back to finish it, tmdb deleted the entry again!  total…  
6852 andy garcia as vincenzo corleone, surely god has his favorites 
6853 הסרט הזה מדהים, אל פצ׳ינו נתן הופעה ראויה לאוסקר (כמו כל ההופעות שלו לאורך כל הטרילוגיה).אין לי מושג למה הרבה קוטלים את הסרט, אולי הוא לא טוב כמו הקודמים אבל מדובר בסרט חזק ומטורף.והסוף😢 
6854  Not much happens in this really (with the exception of the ending). Nevertheless I enjoyed stewin' in the mafiosa vibes: makes you see how it could really work for a TV show, hopefully someone does that one day... I understand why people don't like Sofia but I think she's kind of perfect in her daddys-little-girl's-all-grown-up role. Plus there is a kind of meta mafia element with the director casting his own daughter in the film. I also like how all…  
6855 While i was watching this last night with my dad we had to pause it to get my brother from work (he works at baskin robbins) then when he got home he told me he saw this woman who came into the store wearing shorts that had no underwear and they were pulled up over her vagina lips Anyway this movie blows even more than the first one 
6856  The only wealth in the world is children.Like the other two features in the series, The Godfather Part III is a family affair— full of backstabbing, betrayal, protection, and tragedy, and while it isn’t as poignant nor as memorable as the first two films, it doesn’t need to be. I’ll hold to my first take of “interesting but overcomplicated”, and as I’ve been viewing this movie as a Coda, while watching the theatrical cut, I think my next viewing of…  
6857 sWEEET HOME ALABAMA 
6858  Francis Ford Coppola in 1990: How about I just shit on the greatest character arch of all time?Francis Ford Coppola in 2020: I don’t think enough people have seen how I shit on the greatest character arch of all time.It’s not that this is a poorly made film. Far from it, it still looks like a Godfather film. The issues I have with The Godfather Part 3 is the fact that they found a way to make me…  
6859  "Just chilling out in my kitchen with my cuz hehe, amiright?"Cutting my "marathon" for a while so I could finally do something that I wanted to do half a year ago, to watch The Godfather Part III on Saturday.Hmmmm if im just gonna straight to the facts here, this movie is not comparable to the two previous films. Like, when I watched the opening of Part I or II, I really felt like im watching some really serious…  
6860 لعل هذا الجزء كان اقلهم من ناحية القصة ، تعودت في هذه السلسلة ان ارى شي مُتكامل وعظيم .. لكن بالنهاية يبقى بصمة السلسلة موجودة وكان آل باتشينو هو بصمة هذا الجزء .. بالنهاية ‏سلسلة جمعت أعظم الشخصيات أعطت ما عندها من أداء وأتقان وأرتجال .. وصلت لدرجة أن تشعر بأنهم هم أصحاب القصة الحقيقية من قوة أدائهم. وعند انتهائي من هذي السلسلة العظيمة رأيت ان هناك ‏مقولة قصيرة  تعلمتها من هذا العمل العظيم وهي .. أن " العائلة هي كل شي .. وغير العائلة لا يوجد شي آخر نعيش من أجله ".🖤 
6861  VIEWED “Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone” not the 1990 theatrical cut. The first two Godfather films will always remain two of my best escapes from reality, as Coppola’s timeless films were some of my first to go to when I realized early on in my teenage years how much I loved watching movies, especially if they challenged me or immersed me into new cultures and philosophies. However, it’s no mystery to the typical filmgoer that the…  
6862  “But he’s your first cousin.” “Then I love him first.” — Best line in this movie 11/10I was most curious to see how this held up. Spoilers: it didn’t hold up well. This movie’s kind of an embarrassment. There are some decent things. The production and cinematography can be nice, a few of the performances were fine, like from Andy Garcia when the script or direction doesn’t butcher him. The reconciliation of Kay and Michael’s relationship was okay. Like…  
6863 I didn't even know this existed it is a/k/a the Godfather Coda: the death of Michael Corleone. The gang is all back (except of course Brando) even Frances Ford Coppola returns to direct.From Paramount Pictures. Well acted and well written I found this to be quite satisfying. 
6864  CodaCoppola’s new cut of The Godfather III begins with the director himself briefly explaining why this version exists. He explains in front of a bookcase that this is closer to his original vision. Granted, this is the only version that I’ve seen of the third installment. Having said all that, Coda does a lot of things right. It gives us some context behind Michael’s ruthless ambition. It introduces us to the future leaders of the Corleone family. Finally, it…  
6865 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I don't care, if this one is considered "the weakest" of the three. If it is half as good as the others - it's still a 4 1/2 star movie. (Yes, the others get 9 out of 5)It deals with regret, the longing for forgiveness, failed promises and the cost of your life choices. It holds a mirror to a mytholigical and beloved character and shows him (and us) his ugly truth. What if - at the end of…   
6866 the “kinda pretty but way less hot and charismatic than her siblings” sister 
6867 coda: the death of michael corleone 
6868  Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone“Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in.”Thanks, but no thanks. I prefer the original cut over this any day. The Coda version felt like a badly edited TV movie wherever the changes are done. Also, even after this re-edit, the problems I have with this sequel largely remains unchanged.Part III (read Coda) is not a weak film per se. It has its merits, but the…  
6869 [CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE]i cried. so that definitely says something. 
6870 *New Cut*Definitely needed some Tom Hagen, and Sofia’s performance + that whole side plot with her and Vincent was truly terrible, but other than that wow this was actually good! I really enjoyed it and was a good solid conclusion. I feel like people just give this movie a lot of hate because the only thing they have to compare it with is 2 of the literal greatest movies ever made. 
6871 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "I must accept my age, and grow my olives and tomatoes." - Don AltobelloThe Godfather: Part III is the end to the epic Godfather trilogy and sees Michael being pulled back into the "family business" while he tries to go legitimate. It is directed by Francis Ford Coppola and stars Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, and Andy Garcia.The Godfather: Part III had the impossible task of living up to what is essentially the greatest one-two punch in cinematic history.…   
6872 Ça me fume dans le film Sofia Coppola c'est une vraie chaudière 
6873 incest gnocchi. I mean, I get it, Andy García (!!!), but calling each other “cousin” a million times first is a choicelooks gorgeous! fun Italian Succession energy! I miss Bobby Duvall! so glad Sofia found directing :) 
6874  8:30 pmThe Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone“Mom can we have The Godfather?”“We have The Godfather at home.”The Godfather at home: “Mario Puzo’s The Godfather Part III”Okay seriously I said the end was crazy before. Look what happened here! I seriously can’t believe they actually did what they did at the end! It’s insane! It’s ridiculous and dumb but I’m so thrilled because why would they do that?! I actually leaned forward in my…  
6875  The following is a review for The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone but Letterboxd hates director’s cuts for some reason so here we are.Ok, some of the set up is a lil goofy and Sofia’s performance isn’t great (I think she did bring a sense of realness to the performance that helped the emotional moments hit but yeah, Winona Ryder would have probably done a better job) but c’mon, that opera house sequence is one for the…  
6876  I watched the newly released Director's cut. I only remember the general narrative of the original, so I don't know what it is Coppola specifically changed. But since I remember being really dissapointed in Part 3, evidently something has been improved as I adored it on this rewatch. Aside from the already masterful opera sequence that was (to my memory) the only good scene of the theatrical cut, Godfather Coda is sprinkled throughout with scenes far more emotionally powerful than…  
6877  Watched: ‘The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone’ A blessing to have the chance of watching this movie in the theater, no matter what version. I always loved part three as a competent effort to cap the trilogy. I still think the same after watching this “new” version that for me, produced the same effect, no big difference except for:PRO: a shorter length (around 150 minutes). That would have been a sin for part 1 or part 2,…  
6878  This was much better than I remembered, although to be fair, I hadn't seen this since high school and didn't remember much about it other than it being kind of disappointing and Sofia Coppola not being much of an actress. But revisiting it now, especially having recently rewatched the first two, it's a really great yarn hampered by some questionable casting decisions and an odd choice not to lean into the 1979 setting (it has to be 1979 because of…  
6879  The Godfather Part III is not as bad as many make it out to be. That said, with the amount of talent in front of and behind the camera, this has no excuse for not living up to the original. Pacino is still great, as are newcomers Andy García and Eli Wallach, but the plot gets needlessly convoluted and excessively boring at times. Had the film taken more time to let Michael Corleone reflect on his sins and his mortality…  
6880  Che no entiendo porque esta es la más “hateada” del padrino, en mi más sincera opinión me pareció casi igual de buena que las demás. Me gustó muchísimo como Michael trataba de limpiar todo el nombre de la familia con ayuda de la iglesia, el conflicto que tiene es muy bueno. Y ver como su personaje en cada peli va decayendo más y más, maravilloso, tiene un desarrollo de la concha de la lora. Al Pacino es de lo mejor…  
6881 Better than I expected 
6882 ¿Peor que las otras dos? Si.¿Sofia Coppola, y toda su subtrama, no debería estar? También.¿Le estoy metiendo media estrella de más por pura subjetividad? Por supuesto.Pero mirad, yo me entiendo. 
6883 Narratively this films still got it going on.  It’s still got that Coppola gleam.But it’s messy. Unfortunately, he rests far too much of the burden of the film on Andy Garcia’s shoulders. He just can’t carry it. Let’s not even get into how awful Sofia is...Al Pacino still brings it though! 
6884  The Godfather and The Godfather II work together so well, as they actively want you to compare them to one another to be seen as a singular story. Similar scenes take place but with different characters, but the outcome isn’t the same. From that, you learn how different Michael and Vito are as leaders.The constant back and forth between a younger Vito and Michael in The Godfather II also incites you to compare them, and remember the original. They…  
6885  Maybe if this wasn't the end of an epic trilogy I would like this more. As somebody who really loves the first two Godfather movies, I can't deny that this has several of the pieces of those movies that makes them great. The cast that returns for this film is still phenomenal (i.e. Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, etc), and Andy Garcia is a great addition to the cast. Any scenes that primarily are focused on these characters in…  
6886 So strange to see this after growing up in a home and culture that only acknowledged the first two. I don't think it's a disaster but it's certainly lacking a lot of thematic resonance. Andy Garcia is having a lot of fun and Diane Keaton gets to have like one scene where she's good. Overall I understand why we don't really talk about this 
6887 Anyone who says that Sofia isn’t good in this has to fight me. 
6888  The first time I saw The Godfather and The Godfather Part II, I was about 8 years old. Yeah, I can see you judging that. I’m Italian, these movies are basically bedtime stories for all the ragazzos and ragazzas. At the time, my parents skipped this one and never showed it to me.I now know why. It’s a deeply disappointing follow up, but not because it was without potential. It had potential as an epilogue for this series: Michael’s…  
6889 Best Line in the movie award:“Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!”Worst line in all of cinema award:“He’s your first cousin!”“Then I’ll love him first...”Fuck off with that bullshit Coppola 
6890 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Killing a man with a poisoned cannoli feels like something from a Godfather episode of The Simpsons.  
6891  Kommt zwar nicht an das übermachtige Erbe der ersten beiden Teile ran und trotzdem hatte ich schon lange nicht mehr so einen Kloß im Hals, wie am Ende dieses Films.Zwar weiß man nicht genau, ob die emotionale Bindung zu den Charakteren dieser dritte Teil wirklich zu verantworten hat oder ob er nur Nutznießer der perfekten ersten beiden Teile ist. Andererseits, ist das überhaupt wichtig?Denn wenn mich dieser dritte Teil in einem Aspekt überrascht hat, dann ist es, dass…  
6892  Con esta culmino por tercera vez mi maratón de la trilogía El Padrino. Esta última parte siempre me ha parecido las más floja, pero es que llegar a tal punto por tercera vez era prácticamente imposible. Esta película me gusta mucho y ahora daré las razones.Aun que no sea igual que sus 2 antecesoras aquí se centran en una familia Corleone diferente. Una película diferente a lo habitual en la trilogía pero con unos estudios de personaje más marcados…  
6893  Once I stopped comparing it to the previous two films it became much better. It has a different tone simply because it's set in a different, more modern time. You know what, I'm comparing them now anyway lol. Where the first two films are almost a gangster high fantasy story, this has grown with its time to a dramatic action movie. It makes sense within its own context. Some parts were unnecessary and Literally nobody asked (cough inc*st) and all…  
6894 If Sophia Coppola really is the director people say she is, then it's a great justice she must cringe harder than I do when watching herself in this film. 
6895 Any person who can sit through all this boring mess should be given a medal or some sort of it. 
6896 Kinda felt like the Return of the Jedi of the trilogy where there was a lot I liked but also a lot I disliked. Also found the pacing in this one to be a lot worse compared to the first two as well. 
6897 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I first saw The Godfather: Part III back in 1990 or '91. Like most people, I disliked it. As a younger viewer, I found it hard not to compare it to The Godfather (1972) and The Godfather: Part II (1974), which are both five-star movies. And, honestly, it should be compared: it's part of the same series with the same actors and the same director.Watching it now, thirty years later, I find that I like it better, although it's…   
6898  This movie frustrates me. There are various scenes and moments that occur in this movie that are genuinely pretty good. But this movie just goes on for way too long, and it honestly feels like a lot of the cast is kind of phoning it in for like half of the runtime. Pacino gives a mixed performance here, and honestly, that was the most disappointing thing for me after seeing his masterful portrayal of Micheal Corleone in the previous two…  
6899 The whole opera scene I was so fucking nervous wtfEdited: so I just realized that tom Hagen wasn't in this film,, and that he actually died and they don't even mentioned it!!! The disrespect,,, my boy tom deserved better you pricks. My vendetta is coming for all of you cast&crew. 
6900 HELLO, 911? I’D TO LIKE TO REPORT A CRIME. COPPOLA NEVER MADE THE GODFATHER: PART IV DESPITE PLENTY MORE STORY TO TELL AND ALLEGEDLY LOCKING IN LEO DICAPRIO TO PLAY YOUNG SONNY CORLEONE! 
6901  Sometimes you have a dream, and you have a surreal response to what you’re experiencing. The house you are in is your house, but it doesn’t look like your house. The letters in the book you’re reading are indecipherable, yet you know what they mean. That’s because your brain has to take details from the real things you’ve experienced, and turn them into some sort of narrative. That’s just how this works.The Godfather: Part III is a movie, and…  
6902 that final scene.... perhaps i did cry like a little bitch, and what about it? 
6903 I've always loved this one, the time period and conspiracy intrigue is right up my alley. Also this completes Connie's descent into complete darkness, which might be my favorite character arc in any series. 
6904 An embarrassment Worth sticking around for Donal Donnelly's few scenes, finding out just how bad Sophia Coppola is, and a surprisingly excellent opera sequence; otherwise meandering, aimless, and soulless. 
6905 You know that scene in Texas ChainSaw 3D (2013) when Daddario’s character says, “Do your thing, cus’” You get what I mean. It is technically a decently made film, but following up one of the greatest films and one of the greatest sequels was never going to work out. However, that ending was amazing and a fitting end to The Godfather Trilogy.Edit: I just looked and this is my 300th diary entry. Fitting. 
6906 i loved every single bit of this movie for all the wrong reasons 
6907  Looking at this film after the previous installments makes this movie very very weak. Looking at it as a film, it's actually a fantastic piece. It is not as good as the first one by a long shot but it really is a satisfying conclusion to the trilogy. The end actually made me enjoy the movie more than I had before. It did tend to seem to drag out at times, but I looked that over for the quality of…  
6908  "Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in."- Michael CorleoneAfter two perfect films and a sixteen year gap we got The Godfather Part III. I used to love this film almost as much as the first two, but had a falling out with it last year. Now after about a year I decided to give it another chance. Unfortunately it was even worse this time. To be honest, I doubt I'll ever watch this film…  
6909 Very possibly one of the most misunderstood films of any age, so many of its component parts impress in their own right and by normal standards would be considered favourably. However, good just isn't good enough when following as it does two of the most lasting and vital works of all American cinema. It is, though, the film Coppola envisioned and though it is sadly never good enough to overcome its numerous flaws, there is a thoughtfulness that runs throughout that still manages to stir the soul, culminating in the inevitably wrenching fate for its condemned protagonist. 
6910  I'd say this is slightly better than the second film by having a simpler narrative and some killer set pieces (like that crazy helicopter assassination) but not by much. Despite being the shortest of the the trilogy (especially in the Coda cut I watched), it still suffers from the aimlessness of Part 2 had, though thankfully is free of all the flashback stuff. As expected, this is also a really lavish looking picture and it ends strongly but yeesh, the…  
6911 Todo el mundo dice que es la peor de la trilogía pero a mis ojos esta película es brillante.El desenlace perfecto de una trilogía que me parece impresionante en varios sentidos; ver el desenlace de la historia de Michael fué demasiado para mí, una persona llena de pecados que lo último que quiere hacer con su vida es redimirse, cuando en realidad quizá ya es tarde.Michael te quiero mucho 🖤 
6912  (Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone cut)I only saw Part III once, in my 20s, and remember liking it, it also that it dragged. Starting the Coda cut with the Vatican Bank meeting was a great move, and overall this cut felt like it had better velocity and consistency throughout. But even without the recut, this is still great! If you can just resist the urge to compare it to two of the greatest movies ever made, it stands…  
6913 For the good of this saga, this never existed. At least the ending was good and Al Pacino's performance is always gold 
6914 Sofia Coppola making Gnocchi <<<< Romy Croquet Mars making Pasta alla Vodka 
6915 les cousins dangereux! watched in 4dx (had an easy peeler). really and above all feels like nobody's heart is in it — pacino encompasses the whole thing, completely detached from a character he defined, blackness of his eyes giving way to something cloudy and weak and noncommittal. whole thing's run its course; shoulda waited like another twenty years. unfortunate to have to rag on any movie where andy garcia looks like he does in this but it's a cross I must bear. 
6916 veja como massacraram meu garoto... 
6917 My friend, J_Schmidt44,  was very passionate that I watch this movie despite my desire not to. After watching, I’ve come to the conclusion that ‘Don Schmidt’ must really be into bad acting and incest. He also had the audacity to say that this was better than Kung Fu Panda. I will try to get the help he needs 
6918 arhitect mihai botescu a fost unul dintre cei mai i fluenti arhitecti din timisoara, a construit spitalul judetean, biblioteca centrala uvt, casa austria si multe altele. a facut si cateva biserici dupa revolutie si renovari. din nefericire nu m a impresionat cine stie ce filmul incat sa fiu hotarat sa merg la arhitectura da a fost foarte informativ! 
6919 Sofia como atriz é uma ótima diretora 
6920 I just don’t care for this film at all. I wish it never existed. What a shame. 
6921 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Is Everything Ended? There's no more The Godfather, I know I have watched it in three days I was very attached to this trilogy so much, This Part Can never be bad, it's so great. I don't think I Can write my notes about this film because I'm Crying right now. Whatever here are my notes. Al Pacino was so amazing throughout the trilogy, he gave us an Oscar-worthy performance (Two Oscars at least), and every part was so heartbreaking,…   
6922 Would be a top 3 trilogy if this film wasn’t so shit 
6923 The match was already over at 2-0. Didn’t need to go for the 3rd goal. 
6924 It’s obviously not in the same league as the first two… but damn, it’s still a superb picture. 
6925 I did watch the new Coda version and it’s a slight improvement, but this movie just feels unnecessary in the grand scheme of things. There are some pretty great scenes though all things considered; I do think Sofias Coppollas performance while not that good and pretty wooden isn’t the worst ever. Should have stopped at 2 but this movie has its moments, I do think Pacino gives a solid performance. 
6926 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Sobrehateada.No es una obra maestra como las otras dos pero no es una mala película, ni muchísimo menos.Un más que digno final, aunque pensaba que iba a morir el hijo no la hija.  
6927  El padrino 3 ciertamente es la menos mejor pelicula de la trilogia, pero para nada significa que sea mediocre ni mucho menos mala. Solo nos quedan Michael, Kay y Connie del elenco original. Es una película que gira alrededor de el recuerdo de lo poderosa que fue alguna vez la familia Corleone, pero ya no queda casi nada, solo historias y fotos de lo que alguna vez paso. Para este punto Michael ha perdido a todos sus hermanos, pero seguimos…  
6928 Fell asleep about 40 minutes in and woke up right before Mary gets shot. I’ll have to rewatch sometime but I’ve heard this one isn’t the greatest. I might just watch a review on YouTube or something 
6929 85 no review for this one it’s just so damn forgettable 😭😭☠️ 
6930  *watched 2020 cut*Okay so my main thing here is this is really not that bad.  This film commits to an idea from the very get-go with Michael’s character that I think is debatable and Pacino’s performance does not really even resemble his work in the 70s.  Yet the strange, messy, sometimes even verging on pathetic, energy that creates actually almost suits the last gasps of the shell that Michael became in the previous films. Yeah seeing Michael try…  
6931 It’s not that bad 
6932 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   This definitely has to be my most unpopular opinion…I actually enjoyed this movie a lot more than I expected to. And I might be biased considering Michael Corleone is my favorite character in all of cinema, and I think this movie is a perfect ending to his character.I’ve always loved comparing the characters between Michael and his father Vito Corleone. Both are similar and different. This is more explored in The Godfather Part 2 where basically Vito and…   
6933  Godfather Parts 1-3 = Dante's Divine Comedy in reverse.Godfather 3 Inferno. Also the one most directly involving Mother Church and her sinful hierarchy! Many of whom, according to reliable sanctified witnesses, end up burning in hellfire. To whom much is given much is required. Michael has lost everything at the end, all his love and joy is gone. A fine image of the damned.Godfather 2 Purgatorio. It gets bleaker. Entering Hell's very gate and abandoning all hope, indeed.…  
6934 Nope. Some great scenes but never congeals into a fully satisfying experience. Coda version doesn't noticeably improve things. 
6935 Estaba ya sentado en mi butaca cuando entra un padre con dos chiquillos pequeños, me he quedado flipando pensando "¿Un poco pronto para llevar a tus hijos a ver El Padrino, no?". En cuanto ha empezado a sonar la mítica sintonía, el padre ha exclamado un sonoro y cómico "¡Coño, esta no es la sala 8!"Estoy seguro de que si por el fuese se habría quedado en la sala 9. 
6936 Part 3 von DER PATE hat es einfach mega schwer mit den beiden Vorgängern mitzuhalten. Genau das schafft er nämlich auch nicht, aber das ist im direkten Vergleich schon meckern auf höchstem Niveau. Die ersten beiden zählen zum besten was jemals aus der Mafiafilm Ecke hervorgerufen wurde.Trotz allem rundet Teil 3 die Trilogie gut ab. "Perfekt" abrunden wäre wohl eine zu große Mammutaufgabe gewesen.Der Charme "von damals" fehlt einfach, genau wie die vielen tollen Charaktere, was aber auch der Storyline geschuldet ist. Am Ende bleibt ein guter Mafia-Polit-Thriller mit einem abermals sensationellen Al Pacino.Was für eine geile Filmreihe! 
6937  Ja ok, also so mies war das jetzt auch nicht. Ich finde auch THE GODFATHER PART III ist immer noch ein solider Film. Zwar drängte sich mir die ganze Zeit über der Eindruck auf, dass es diesen Teil nun definitiv nicht gebraucht hätte, schließlich fand ich, dass Teil 2 bereits ein sehr schönes Ende gefunden hat aber nun ja, nun haben wir eben Teil 3, der durchaus auch noch einmal einen schönen (gleichzeitig aber auch überhasteten) Schlusspunkt bietet. THE GODFATHER…  
6938 um chile anyways so 
6939 i really couldn’t get my mind off how fucking hot al pacino is in this movie 
6940  The weakest out of the trilogy, but that’s not saying much. Contains some questionable character decisions and acting, but just like it’s precedors, it is absorbing and endlessly entertaining. It brings up a lot of interesting themes like the corruptness of the catholic church and government, forgiveness, and regret and while it doesn’t expand upon all of them, it does enough to leave an impression. Gets a lot of undeserved hate for being “unnecessary”, but if you loved the first…  
6941 i don’t know, i just liked it a lot 🤷‍♂️ 
6942  original cut. i am unbelievably distraught that winona ryder did not play the role of mary corleone. i thought sofia coppola was picked as a sheer nepotism pick, but to think she was the backup after WINONA RYDER had to drop out!? a travesty of the highest order. the movie would still be weak regardless, but at least ryder would've brought something to the table. it's astounding how bad sofia coppola is in this. i always figured those criticisms were…  
6943 "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in."سهرة كورليونية رائعة 💖 
6944  Fuck knows what films I like these days. Should make a list of films I've chopped and changed my mind on. Anyhow, this fails to match the first two parts and is not even a great film in its own right.It has the acting grandiose, well with one obvious outlier, and style of the first two. I also found it pretty engaging for the first two hours. Again, however I didn't find it as engaging as the first two.…  
6945  Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneI haven’t seen the original cut since I don’t even know how long at this point, but wow, it’s really impressive just how much life this alternative edit of the movie breathes into the overall experience. I still have a ton of flaws with the movie and I think it’s still easily the weakest of the trilogy, by a LOT, but I genuinely think this has some of the best moments of the series…  
6946  The main problem here is Coppola doesn’t seem to know why this film has to exist other than to stop even worse directors having a go. Pacino is in his full Limpy’s Got Cancer style of performance, and the whole thing is weirdly prescient of The Phantom Menace - the work of a man who used to be able to do this with apparent ease, now constantly second guessing himself and forgetting how to do basic story beats. It feels…  
6947 They pulled me back in with hazelnut too! Caramel swirl I know it was you.  
6948  🎞️ - 𝙋𝘼𝘾𝙄𝙉𝙊-𝙑𝙀𝙈𝘽𝙀𝙍 - 🎞️#6: 𝙏𝙝𝙚 𝙂𝙤𝙙𝙛𝙖𝙩𝙝𝙚𝙧 𝘾𝙤𝙙𝙖: 𝙏𝙝𝙚 𝘿𝙚𝙖𝙩𝙝 𝙤𝙛 𝙈𝙞𝙘𝙝𝙖𝙚𝙡 𝘾𝙤𝙧𝙡𝙚𝙤𝙣𝙚 (1990/2020)Returning from a brief break, Pacino-Vember continues with the final instalment of one of cinema's most prestigious series. I struggled to decide whether I should watch the original cut or the 'Coda' cut, as I had no frame of reference to what the quality of either one was gonna be. Sure, I'd heard the third entry was less than favourable, but watching the re-cut version…  
6949 People dislike this for what it isn’t instead of what it is 
6950 I finished the trilogy. Awesome movies 
6951 sofia served cunt idc 
6952 Coda CutDefinitely the worst of the trilogy but still a great end to Michael Corleone’s story 
6953  The scenes that felt most like the first two films were Michael showing Kay around in Sicily. The door that first Al Neri and then Michael himself closed on Kay at the end of The Godfather and The Godfather 2 opened again but only this time Michael was on the other side with her. A little later when the door opened from outside and Michael walked out, Kay knew. She knew he hadn’t changed and never would. He never could’ve.…  
6954  This movie honestly just felt like when a TV shows Finale takes place several years later & you see where everyone is at but here, it’s dragged out for 2 and a half hours with no real plot & due to the film being called “The Death of Micheal Corleone” you spend the whole film waiting for Micheal Corleone’s death. The ending was so shocking & sudden, I nearly cried & no I haven’t seen this one before, only the first two. After watching…  
6955  Definitely the weakest one but not as bad as you all make it out to be. Michael's character development in this whole franchise is one of the best things about it but honestly they really ruined his character in this one. I honestly found Vincent's character to be a really cool addition and honestly wish we seen more of him.The final 20 minutes of this film was absolutely mayhem as the rest of these films go the body count…  
6956 This is not a bad movie. This movie is just bad in comparison to the first and second movie, therefore this movie shouldn’t exist and they should have just stopped after Part II. 
6957 el grito de al pacino me destrozó la vida :( 
6958 Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneUnfortunately do think this is the worst of the trilogy, but not by any significant margin. Has the best scene out of all of them too, the Opera climax is Coppola at the peak of his sequencing & crafting of images. Pacino’s blood curdling scream on the opera-house stairs probably his best work outside of Heat. Can’t comment if it’s critical reception was right or wrong at the time because I haven’t seen the theatrical cut, but I reallt doubt it’s significantly worse than this. 
6959 who decided these movies needed an incest plot 
6960  Yeesh. Making this was a bit of a misfire, eh? Major vanity project vibes. It lacks the compelling character beats of the first two parts that creates the stakes in those stories. In Part III, it feels like the remaining Corleones had their personalities stripped and were put in a blender with a daytime soap and a Dan Brown novel. The result is a chunky and indulgent sludge.I watched the new Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone cut, which…  
6961 Pretty entertaining, but Sofia Coppola's acting weighs the film down like a pair of cement shoes. 
6962 Watched the Coda cut. This film is not at all as bad what people say it is. It obviously does not come close to its predecessors but it’s a pretty satisfying ending to the trilogy. I would say my main criticisms are it doesn’t really feel like a Godfather film that the first two have and the plot is very messy, though there is some great scenes especially the ending opera segment. I feel like Al Pacino’s acting style that changed in the 80s kind of made Michael Corleone less menacing or that he just got older. 
6963 Provavelmente o ápice do Coppola. Considero o mais lacônico dos três, essa condensação que o Coppola faz em cada cena revisitando o legado Corleone (Início e Fim) é a base do filme, o mais reflexivo dos três, tem um completo ar de fracasso numa intensa melancolia em cenas isoladas. Compreende passado e futuro como ciclo eterno, onde pra Michael, viver é um contínuo sofrimento. E os minutos finais são aterradores. 
6964 O filme começa meio arrastado e sem muito propósito, mas melhora e entrega um final muito bom. Porém, é mais chato que os dois antecessores, não tendo uma trama que interessa muito. Além daquele casalzinho ruim pra cacete, que estraga o filme... 
6965 The Godfather Coda: The death of Michael Corleone (158 minutos) (2020)Sin duda es la película más sobre odiada de la historia, si, no está al nivel de las primeras dos, pero está lejos de ser la basura que muchos dicen, al menos esta nueva versión.Tiene sus bajos, pero los momentos altos son increíbles, y ese final, es el mejor final que se le pudo dar a esta saga.Que personaje tan maravilloso que es Michael, el héroe que se volvió villano para redimirse al final de su vida. 
6966 This Extremely Tardy Sequel was released 16 years after Godfather II. SIWICO (Saw It When It Came Out). Coppola recut it in 2020. Need to revisit! 
6967 We went from masterpiece, to another masterpiece, to a massive downgrade.Not bad, not good, just average 
6968 SOFIA INNOCENT!!!!! 
6969 I don’t think it’s as bad as some people have said. It’s definitely the weakest out of the three (in my opinion) but it’s still quite good. I found it to be pretty entertaining. There were many things that bothered me, but the incest love story didn’t really need to happen and made it quite weird. Especially as it’s the director’s own daughter. 
6970  English part belowEpilog-Version/SchnittfassungGefiel mir besser als Teil 2. Die Story interessiert mich mehr, da auch vom Stil mal gezwungenermaßen etwas anders und es gibt keine Flashbacks die kein Mensch braucht.Ja es fehlt das episch-perfekte von Teil 1, wo jedes erzählerische und handwerkliche Rad perfekt ineinandergreift und ja, auch ich habe meine Probleme mit Sofia Coppola. Durch den neuen Schnitt soll es kein wirklicher dritter Teil sein, sondern als eben titalgebender Epilog herhalten und als dieser passt er…  
6971 i think the pressure of following two of the greatest films of all time is real. it feels like they were trying to reverse engineer a godfather movie, rather than make a good movie that can stand on its own. it’s overwritten and the directing is uninspired. it has none of the economy or efficiency of the original films. pacino and andy garcia find something interesting, but besides that there isn’t much else. the godfather and the 90s did not make a good match. 
6972 Il Cinema Ritrovato 2022: Film #34Finance is a weapon. Politics is knowing when to pull the trigger.Worth watching for the donkey noises. 
6973 thank god this movie isn’t real 
6974 smoking on that joey zasa pack 
6975  So this isn't so much a bad movie as it is a who-actually-gives-a-fuck-at-this-point kind of movie. All the FFC and Gordon Willis stuff is still super solid, I particularly find the way Willis naturally shoots Rome in the last third of the movie to be some phenomenal cinematography. As far as new characters, I pretty much only resonated towards Eli Wallace's character and I even warmed on Andy Garcia. Won't pummel it too much, but I'm glad Sophia Coppola found…  
6976 4K screening of the new CODA cut. FIrst time viewing for the boys. 
6977  (Original Theatrical Cut from the 4K Ultra HD Trilogy Collection)I have to start with this. This is so far from the absolute disaster everyone made it to be. That doesn’t mean there aren’t any flaws because there are plenty. When compared to two of the greatest films ever made then yes, it’s a huge disappointment. But I don't think it's a bad filmSofia Coppola’s performance is as bad as everyone said it was. But it far from ruins…  
6978  One of the most frustratingly fascinating films I've seen in a while. For every truly incredible scene (the opera sequence and to be honest, everything to do with Michael Corleone here), it's also met with some utterly bizarre writing decisions and a lack of polish seen in the first two films. Sofia Coppola's performance I don't think is as bad as many make her out to be but she suffers from a completely flat character that lacks the emotional weight…  
6979 rip mike you would’ve loved the weeknd 
6980  The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone The third and final Godfather movie is a grand, poetic opera full of powerhouse performances and a rich tapestry of visuals that feel destined to imprint on my mind forever (no, I’m not talking about that awful helicopter shot) but unfortunately, its let down by an underwhelming plot that strays too far from the core of what made the first two Godfather films such iconic masterpieces.Francis Ford Coppola’s decision to reframe…  
6981  You know, without Sofia Coppola’s performance, with a few changes… there’s something here. I watched the Coda version, a supposedly better edit of this film, but all I felt is a greater appreciation for the first two films. What was so great about the story of The Godfather was the journey, how Michael Corleone went from a reluctant successor to someone to be feared to someone all-powerful (but all alone). That was concluded, though, with Part II, so what we…  
6982  Two screens: The Godfather, Part III/Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone“Is it happening again?”“Not like that, sweetie.”Should I log this twice? I mean, I did technically watch two movies, just simultaneously. I rigged up two monitors, one playing The Godfather, Part III and the other playing The Godfather, Coda. I watched them in synch, occasionally pausing one so that the other would catch up.The most important observation here is the most obvious.…  
6983 Well I can now say I'm one of those anoying film snobs who's seen all 3 godfather movies in the theatre.NGL for the second half of this I couldn't understand what was going on so will some it up like this(Screams in Italian), something something incest, it was the popeAnd that's about all I got from it 
6984 Remontage ou pas ça joue quand même tjr mal. Je dirai pas que pacino joue mal mais son jeu est devenu plus extravagant ce qui dénote complètement avec le Michael tout en retenu des premiers films.Toute la séquence de l'opéra est absolument immense et rehausse le niveau global du film(qui partait mal) 
6985  Mario Puzo's The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneÉsta versión de El Padrino Parte III es exactamente la misma historia pero con un par de escenas fuera y otras reacomodadas. La película no siento que mejore o empeore la versión vieja; ambas son buenas y tiene sus propios defectos y virtudes. Lo que a ésta se le agrega es más bien un nuevo significado, que está en el final. Se llama La Muerte de Michael Corleone no por…  
6986  This was alright. Mediocre. Sofia Coppola sucks, Andy Garcia is mid, and the lack of Robert Duvall is upsetting. The grand and intricate plot line is nice and I love seeing Michael Corleone actually dealing with his greatest sin along with his ex-wife troubles, but Vincent’s story is ehhh to me; he constantly fades in and out of focus and by the end I don’t really care about him because he’s nearly absent from the otherwise incredible opera house assassination…  
6987 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather Part 3 polarised me a bit. So, I’m a big fan of The first two Godfather with them both being in my top ten favourite movies and The Godfather Part 2 is in my opinion the best sequel of all time. The Godfather Part 3 has some great things in it but also some inconsistencies in the story but I’ll start with the things this film did brilliantly. This film features one of the best endings to a film…   
6988  ⚠️50%After 5 months of waiting, I finally got around to seeing the third and final part of one to the most masterful trilogies. There’s nothing I can say about the first two parts that’s negative, they’re both perfect in my opinion, and following those two films, especially after 16 years, was a hard task to complete. While it didn’t even get close to reaching the stature of the first two, there were a few redeeming qualities that I can’t…  
6989 the michael and apollonia flashbacks 💔 
6990 pretty solid film. HUGE stepdown from part i and ii but the last hour left me speechless. if there's one thing coppola can do, it's give us a great fucking ending 
6991 This was so good I wish Italians were real CODA cut 
6992 Watched the directors cut, it’s basically the same movie. The theatrical cut is better in my opinion. 
6993 WHATEVER SHE WANTS, WAATHEVER SHE WANTS, WATHEVER SHE WANTSthe she in question? sofia coppola 
6994 I want Vincent to bite my ear until it bleeds and call me sweetie.Also I liked the film. sue me. 
6995  first time watching it in over three years and i remember why i don’t watch it as often as the first two films. it’s not good, but it’s also not bad. the best scenes were the ones that drew back from the two previous films, making us feel nostalgic. other than al pacino’s performance, everything else felt flat. the heart of the first two films vanished and we’re left with a story that didn’t fully develop even though it was…  
6996 a cruel perversion of a beautiful and truthful story 
6997 Sorry Sofia, but you really sunk your own boat. There are other reasons this doesn’t reach the heights of the first two. But your statuesque performance is hand in the cookie jar proof you made the right decision to pour out your immense talent as a storyteller behind the camera instead. 
6998  Definitely the weakest film out of the trilogy, The Godfather Part III ends this epic saga with more of a fizzle than a bang as a bland story, lacklustre acting and sluggish pacing hamper this conclusive effort’s potential.There is little action or tension driving the plot forward and the few moments that pique our interest as an audience are merely rehashes of ground already covered - betrayals and business, rivals and revenge, love and lust. The main narrative of…  
6999  I really don't get the hate for this film to be honest. Like don't get me wrong, I know this film isn't even close to as good as the first 2, but this is still a competently made film. Now before I talk about the things I like, let me mention my 2 least favorite things about this movie. 1. Sofia Coppola is terrible in this movie. I know this isn't news to anyone, but my god is her performance…  
7000 "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!" 
7001  whatever the problems with the packaging, the central narrative here — michael aching for an empty redemption, passing the torch to the embodiment of the youthful fury that he once scorned — is basically undeniable forme. 90’s pacino is an entirely different actor than 70’s pacino, but the film feels tailored to his hammier energy in a way a lot of late sequels don’t even bother with, and i think he’s largely superb, especially in the brutal final act.…  
7002  The Godfather Part III isn't a bad film but considering that it's coming off of two films that are considered by many to be two of the greatest and most influential of all time, it is a massive disappoinment and should have been much better than mediocre (or average at best). It doesn't have the same emotional involvement or investment as the previous two films.In regards to the positives, it's well made, well shot, and (mostly) well acted. I…  
7003  Version - Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneThings it does well:- Michael's confession- Connie Corleone as Lady MacbethThings it sucks at:- For the first time, I truly felt Part 3 lacking in it's technical elements ( I used to be in the "it's not that bad" camp). There's a lot of convoluted plotting happening with the Catholic Church and Joey Zasza and Vincent. The storyline, as is, isn't terrible really. It references a number of…  
7004 Watched the Coda cut this time around, even though I barely remember what the original cut was like since I haven't seen it in so long, but this movie is good, and maybe better than it was before! The cousin storyline is kinda egregious but there's too much good stuff here for me to think it's even close to bad. 
7005 So you’re telling me that Mr. Orange was shot in the gut and was wailing in pain, but Mary Corleone is shot and is just like,,, in mild pain?????? 
7006 Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone dürfte die endgültig finale Fassung von Francis Ford Coppola sein. Als Anhänger des dritten Films fallen einem einige Kürzungen und Abrundungen der Handlung angenehm auf und bestätigen, daß hier durchaus ein meisterhafter Abschluß einer Saga vorliegt. Der Titel bezieht sich übrigens nicht auf den physischen, sondern den seelischen Tod des Protagonistens in einem fulminanten Finale. 
7007  Coda cut. Trades in the previous films' injections of documentary realism with almost straight melodrama, even self reflexively acknowledging this distance from reality i.e. Visconti with the opera sequence. I genuinely love all of this push towards the operatic, Michael's diabetic attacks, screams, helicopter massacres, and all. And I LOVE the church plot, showing the vatican as corporation/ really boring bureaucracy & all that. But this gets muddled a bit for in the middle when they travel to Sicily, where we…  
7008  MICHAEL CORLEONE'S TRAGIC DEATHBefore starting, I must make something clear: the version I'm analyzing is the CODA. This is necessary because each person's opinion depends on which version of the movie you watch and how you read into it. It's at your discretion. In case you're wondering, the original cut has a 3.5 rating.It was obvious that anything that came after 2 such solid and acclaimed masterpieces was not going to live up to expectations, and this is…  
7009  CODA WATCHHaving never seen the original cut in its entirety due to its lukewarm response, I thought it was time to give this much-maligned trilogy capper a watch due to Coppolas fresh cut.The original two films are two of my favourite films of all time. What can you say about them that hasn't already been said? They're epic crime movies and two all-time classics. As we all know Part 3 falls way short of the mark. It doesn't…  
7010 If G1 makes you think "horse head" then G3 will make your think "horse shit!"(Coda Re-edit) 
7011  originally wrote a joke review but there are way too many bad reviews of this movie on this site so i had to be candid. this is fucking good. the pacing is considerably better than the other two movies so every complaint about length is just absurd to me. i enjoyed this a lot. it’s intense when it needs to be, patient and considerate with its slower scenes, well cut and well filmed and well acted for the most part.…  
7012  100 films I Missed Project #92 (counting down)The 100 films I missed project is a chance for me to catch up on films that I wanted to see and just haven’t gotten around to it or films that were suggested to me and haven’t gotten the chance to see yet. I have my list already set in stone but if you have any suggestions I am open to checking them out. Thank you guys for being part of this…  
7013 “Every family has bad memories...”- Mario Puzzo’s The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone 
7014 Now that I finally watched all three parts, I can say I like the part I the most and the part II the least. 
7015 🎅🏼🎁 Merry Christmas, everyone! 🎄⛄ I was recently invited onto my friend Zachary's channel to discuss The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone ... with a face reveal. Watch THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE | A Discussion with Style is SubstanceWhat's next for Style is Substance? One more video to end the year on and plenty more to come in 2021. (Yes, that includes another Possession video.) Happy holidays! 💫 
7016  MARIO PUZO’S THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEI’ll be honest, I can’t tell exactly what’s been recut from the original version in this new re-telling brought to us by Mr. Coppola, having only seen the original once. This version doesn’t seem to fix the problems that the original has, but like the original, there’s still greatness in places here.The opening first act is still sublime - Michael being showered with gifts, honors, and awards of the highest…  
7017 Pellicola conclusiva della trilogia del Padrino, decisamente più debole dei primi due capitoli, seppur di ottima fattura. A non convincere sono soprattutto l'interpretazione di Sofia Coppola e l'assenza del personaggio di Don Vito, malamente rimpiazzato dal Vincent Corleone di Andy Garcia. La fotografia risulta più buia e il montaggio ricorre spesso alle dissolvenze incrociate. Musiche e regia ancora una volta di altissimo livello. 
7018 An improvement on the 1990 cut. It was a decent third entry into a film franchise, better then Terminator Salvation, on par with The Dark Knight Rises but always labeled as Batman Forever. This cut brings it up to the Nolan notch. The film still feels like too much of a melodrama, the pacing of the film is so much better. The reshuffling of the scenes help the film. A recommended watch. 
7019  *Comentário feita a partir do novo corte de Coppola: CODA.Poderoso chefão, como sendo uma franquia, é composta por filmes que parecem se complementarem entre si, marcando semelhanças em um grande entrelaço de memórias, dinâmicas familiares geracionais e o foco objetivo em planos futuros. Mas ao se levar em conta que Coppola originalmente apenas desejara produzir os dois primeiros filmes da saga da família Corleone, Poderoso Chefão Parte III se encaixa então como um epílogo dessa grande história, uma nova…  
7020  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneLa différence la plus notable de ce remontage est d'exposer la corruption du Vatican dès la première scène. La fin a également été modifiée, un peu maladroitement à mon avis. Sinon, c'est sensiblement le même film, avec ses qualités et ses défauts. On (ré)découvre la tentative de rédemption de Michael Corleone (le toujours excellent Al Pacino), qui veut rendre les affaires de la famille complètement légitimes, ce qui est quand même intéressant.…  
7021  Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneJust when I thought I was out... they pull me back in.I wished I could had gone to the cinema to watch this with my father at the big screen but we decided to stay safe at home and rented it, at the end it was fascinating to appreciate the new cut and remastered look of this movie.I don't know how much it was re-edited but I felt…  
7022  The Godfather Part lll is often hailed as one of the most disappointing follow ups in film. And after seeing it, I can definitely agree with most of the criticisms. While the first two films have such tight pacing, Part lll suffers from having a narrative that is too large in scope. The plot surrounding the Vatican and the Corleone’s old friends wanting their slice of the legitimate business pie just isn’t nearly as compelling as the main conspiracy plots…  
7023 es MUCHO más que el cierre de la trilogía, la nostalgia constante te lo dice. con esta, francis deja bien claro quién es el maestro. hay tanto para aprender de esta película que ni siquiera sé por dónde empezar, pero a ver es increíble🙏🏻 los flashbacks del final???? toda una vida. mi favorita de la trilogía, hoy sí voy a dormir en paz 
7024  The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. I tried to submit a separate page for it, but it's not allowed. I’m not a completist. I’ve had no desire to ever watch the third one. Not after any of the dozens of viewings of the first two. Not Syl on The Sopranos constantly quoting the, “Every time I try to get out line”. Bupkis. Well, except for Coppola himself making a re-edit (sure dig what he did with The Cotton…  
7025 “What happens if you fail?”“I won’t fail.”“Men always believe that.”watched the newly-released Mario Puzo’s The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. 
7026 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   In a film with an overwritten plot, the key emotional focus of Mary Corleone is underwritten.It isn't just that Sophie Coppola isn't right for the part - she's not a great actress and is not charismatic.The problem is her character is basically pretty blah. We don't see the romance developing between her and Vincent. (Plus they keep calling each other "cousin" reminding us how icky it is)She only has 1 meaningful scene with her father. And no…   
7027  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone I need to watch the original cut before I give a rating, but as of now, it’s a 3.5/4 stars Some of my problems with this film were Sofia Coppola’s acting (Her final line was awful), the plot wasn’t something that I would expect from a Godfather movie (And not in a good way) and the incest subplot (What were Coppola and Puzo thinking when they wrote that?)But I think it’s…  
7028 Certainly the weakest of the three films, however still enjoyable and entertaining in its own right. Coppola’s final instalment lacks the conviction and authenticity of the first two films which ultimately comes down to the cast in my opinion, the performances don’t quite cut it and at times the action can be a little over the top. That being said, there is still a lot to like here, especially the second half of the film and of course Mr. Pacino. 
7029  Road to CodaThe reason why Vito has a happy ending was because even under the horrible orders he gave out, the ruthless managing of his crime family, and the favoritism between people in his life, he was still loved. Vito was an honorable and lovable person, even with his disgraceful acts. Vito Corleone had a heart, he had a family, and he loved them more than anything else. Michael always promised he would never involve himself in the family…  
7030 The weakest of the three, but still quite good.7/10 
7031 It's a Thanksgiving Miracle. I finally over the course of the last two days have watched The Godfather movies! It is done! Joyous triumphant! Happy Turkey Day!This movie is fine though really. I understand the hate but I also understand the movie. Being largely similar to the first to establish how Michael had become Vito in the circle of the Godfather life. The only problem is, it's a very similar 2 hr and 50 min movie.I love Sofia Coppola in it though.People should just stop being angry with movies for not being as good as Jack and Jill. 
7032 I still don't want to talk about this movie but I'm so fucking excited to see the recutting that Coppola is putting together... I really hope Coda can give this trilogy the ending that it deserves. Can't believe it's only a month away! 
7033 eu não acho que esse filme deveria existir, não tem uma única razão plausível pra esse filme ter sido feito, não tem um único motivo que explique a criação desse filme 
7034 We need to make nepotism a federal crime as quickly as humanly possible 
7035  (1000th Watched Film!)I don't understand. I really don't understand.This is possibly the most baffling movie I've ever seen in my life. The plot is terrible, half of the actors are doing a shitty job, and this movie is so boring that I had trouble staying awake. You really know you fucked up when I get bored with a Godfather Film.However, the film does have some good elements, seeing as it is still a Godfather movie. Even though…  
7036 Es buena, pero en muchos momentos se me hizo bastante aburrida y lenta, una parte del final me parece un poco reciclada de la primera entrega. Si la comparamos con la 1 y 2, está a años luz de ser igual de buena que ellas, pero al menos sirve para darle un final a la historia de la familia Corleone. El grito de Michael al final, ufff me dio escalofríos, qué buena actuación. 
7037 I had to let this sit a while. :(Al Pacino's acting is really always good huh. And idk why I thought contrary to most people but Sofia Coppola did the role just right in my eyes. It was that Vatican shit that wasn't as compelling I guess. And the characters there all looked almost entirely alike it was really confusing to watch 
7038 the godfather part II will always be the true ending to this saga. this is very mediocre to the standards set by the first two instalments, but overall it was still a good movie but it just didn’t need to be made. btw, sofia coppola’s acting is the definition of trash. 
7039  Well, that’s nepotism for ya.Scavenger Hunt #64 Task 18. Each year I like to watch as many Oscar-nominated films as I can before the ceremony. Watch any film that has been nominated for an Academy Award for its screenplay or direction.Each godfather film went down 1.5.First one-5Second-3.5Third-2If there was a fourth I think it would be half a star.This film just completely baffles me.It’s so far removed from The Godfather. It’s just explosions…  
7040 No entiendo el odio y el desprecio hacia esta OBRA MAGNA. De verdad que no me entra en la cabeza. Probablemente uno de los clímax más apoteósicos de la historia del cine y otra lección magistral de Don Pacino (y ya van...), si bien con un Coppola un tanto menos inspirado que en las dos primeras partes, pero regalándonos para la posteridad más cine en mayúsculas. 
7041 sofia coppola 😍 
7042  The Godfather: Part III is too busy with being a sequel rather than its own film. It feels like the MCU equivalent of The Godfather trilogy, mostly just using its runtime referencing the previous films.It isn't all bad and Al Pacino gives a good performance as usual, but something about it felt a little off, I had a difficult time truly believing that it was the same Michael Corleone as in the other films. The film looks like a…  
7043  La única forma de que esta película parezca floja es teniendo en cuenta que comparte trilogía con dos obras maestras. En esta parte mucho mas que en las demás esta presente lo católico, no solo a traves de la trama del Vaticano. La culpa, el sacrificio, la amenaza de destrucción de la familia, la lealtad.Los minutos finales son un cierre sublime para la trilogía. Michael originalmente se mete en los negocios de su familia para intentar salvar a su…  
7044 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  this movie has two popes in it, and kills both of them! The Two Popes (2019) could NEVERmy new rating system awards one star per pope death.  
7045 Good but not great, this final film of the 'Godfather' trilogy should still please the more generous fans.Review: wp.me/pat7iE-1LA 
7046  I stand by my stance that this is not as bad as many make it out to be, but it is a significant step down from its predecessors. It’s got a pretty interesting plot and good performances from it’s leads, but you spend the entire film longing for the simplicity of the original, or the emotional weight of Part II. And I really love Andy Garcia’s performance (even though the character doesn’t make a ton of sense). I know it’ll…  
7047 please tell me this isn’t real life and i’m having a nightmare. easily one of the worst movies i’ve ever seen especially with the other two movies being such masterpieces. thoroughly disappointed. hated this a lot. 
7048 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   TW: mentions of abuseIf this series could actually write a consistent female character then these movies would be so much better. I like the second movie, I'm fairly meh on the first movie (minus Sonny of course, whom we do stan), and the third movie is an embarrassment. Robert Duvall was right when he called it a cash grab! Tom Hagen REMAINS the least problematic Corleone!Sofia Coppola is not good at acting. But she does not ruin the…   
7049  My thought process goes like this: I rewatched The Godfather because Fathom Events is showing The Godfather Part II in theaters, so I might as well complete the trilogy.Well, the completionist in me is satisfied, but I can't say I enjoyed it much. The much-lambasted Part III is, at best, unsatisfying. The uneven performances, the less-than-inspired writing, the movie's inability to decide if it wants to be about papal conspiracy, corrupt business dealings, or mafia intrigue.The various parts…  
7050  Feels very much like no one wanted to be here. Well, that's not true—George Hamilton looks pretty fucking ecstatic. Just not much in the story that feels like a compelling reason to continue things. The Don Altobello stuff feels like Hyman Roth rehash.But really, for all the hand-wringing at the time over Sofia—who is not great but also seems to effortlessly embody the character in many ways—Garcia and Mantegna as your two new heavy-hitters was a disastrous couple of…  
7051  Reviewed on Cinema Eclectica #225 - 100% Dinge GothamYes, you are not imaging it, I've awarded The Godfather Part III four shiny stars. Fight me. I've never believed in the bad buzz surrounding Francis Ford Coppola's sixteen-year late sequel to Part II. I will agree it's the weakest of the trilogy, and to be fair, how could it not disappoint expectations? As said, sixteen years had passed between both Part II and Part III. Automatically, Part III already disappoints…  
7052 I was as warm towards The Godfather as most of you are towards The Godfather III, so I really stood no chance with this, did I? 
7053 “She was wonderful, beautiful, I loved her. And then she died.”flashing back to apollonia was a low blow okay it was really mean you guys 
7054 never thought i'd be this (👌🏻) close to crying because of a Godfather movie 
7055 Not really a fan of Coppola trying to redeem Michael Corleone in the last film of the Godfather trilogy. He is such a vicious and ruthless character in the first two films that he doesn't deserve redemption. I also was not very entertained until the last hour when shit starts to pop off. I don't think this entry is a bad film, but when compared to the first two it just isn't what I personally wanted from the finale. 
7056  68As an addition to the Godfather saga, there is no contest that this is the weakest part; the story is inferior to the rest by a long shot, everything seems hastily made (Coppola was reported to have only made the third part in order to fix the financial destruction of One from the Heart and didn't really want to make it in the first place) and extremely rushed. Yet, Coppola, reluctantly, made an interesting finale to his finest achievement,…  
7057 I always get shit for loving this movie, but I don't care. It's my favorite in the trilogy. So tragic, so devastating, and it completes Connie Corleone's downward spiral arc. 
7058  Viewed on Blu-rayThis is my third viewing of The Godfather Part III (1990) and the second time seeing in sequence with it's predecessors and of coarse the third instalment in the story of the Corleone family is heavily flawed but it is not a terrible movie.Those that hate The Godfather: Part III (1990) do so, I feel, due in part to Sofia Coppola's performance but there were many other influences on the film that hurt its final product…  
7059  I could always recognize the brilliance of the Godfather movies, but it never really clicked emotionally until now that I've seen this, the recontextualizing vantage point, their quasi-necrotic vestigial tail. The third installment is a messy, operatic dirge, more temporally contained and narratively straightforward, but more thematically sprawling, presented on an elephantine canvas that sees Michael vying for illuminatus status in an effort to seize control of the Immobiliare, plunging the epic mafia family saga into conspiracy thriller territory. The…  
7060  I used to not care for The Godfather III because Sophia Coppola is so bad and her incestious relationship with Andy Garcia is too creepy. This time around, I have totally new reasons to not like this film.First is Al Pacino. I love the guy, but can't understand why he chose to play Michael as a super old, hunched over, crazy person. He was so good in the other Godfathers, so why is he so bad here? Second is the…  
7061  The final chapter in "The Godfather" trilogy is definitely the weakest, though it still remains a rather good film. However, I dare say that as a standalone feature, it has no right to exist. The only reason it does is because Michael Corleone needs an ending to his arc that throughout the previous films was always left unfinished to certain extent. He does receive a send-off and it is not really for me to decide whether it was appropriate or…  
7062 I don't consider this film "canon" (with a few cherry-picked exceptions) in the Godfather Saga. The "exceptions" are the moments in which Pacino is actually playing Michael Corleone (because, for most of the runtime, he's playing someone else entirely). But man, are those moments worth the price of admission. Missed opportunity.The story is ludicrous, the writing and dialogue are poor, and the supporting players aren't as memorable. This is NOT a Godfather film. However, it's not a bad film. I treat it as a standalone.Full Review 
7063  Well... It wasn't as bad as I thought it was gonna be, but still it's evident a lot of care went into crafting what was supposed to be the final chapter in this historic trilogy. Although not as groundbreaking or marvelous as the other two Godfather films, the cinematography is well realized and it's accompanied by a fantastic as usual soundtrack composed by Nino Rota and Carmine Coppola.The main problem with The Godfather Part III is the burden of…  
7064 BOUGHT 'WIDESCREEN' VHS TAPE 📼 CHOICES VIDEO, KETTERING (24-10-97)Not a very good film as it took me two days to finish it and compared to the amazing first 2 films it felt flat, the acting was great except for Sofia Coppola who was way out of her depth, she ruined every scene she was in, an ok story but for me it was so disappointing and a sad end to this trilogy. 
7065 Das war zwar jetzt keine Qual, hat sich aber dennoch nach 170 Minuten Arbeit angefühlt. Teil 1 habe ich am 03.07.2017 zuhause angeschaut und erinnere mich noch, wie anstrengend das war. Bin froh, dass ich die letzten beiden Teile im Kino anschauen konnte. Noch zufriedener bin ich aber, diese Trilogie endlich abgeschlossen zu haben. Beziehungsgeflecht- bzw. Verwandschaftsdrama-Trilogien à la Lord oft the Rings, Star Wars oder eben The Godfather sind wirklich anstrengend. Ja, filmische Klasse und so, verstehe schon, aber boy oh boy, ist das langweilig. Da hilft auch das (leider viel zu laute) 70mm Blow-Up nur bedingt.Die Trilogie werde ich mir nie wieder anschauen. 
7066  The biggest problem with this movie, we all know about. The SECOND biggest problem with this movie is that Michael Corleone doesn’t act like Michael Corleone. This is a guilt ridden old man, this is a man with internal strife and remorse. This makes no sense with the Michael Corleone we see at the end of Part II and the film does very little to explain how he got where he is. The best elements of this movie are all…  
7067  Outside the filmography of George Lucas, I can't think of a worse recut of a great movie than Coppola's The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. Important scenes are snipped for no reason; a meeting between Michael and the Archbishop is moved to the beginning, making it feel more like a ripoff of the original; and, most infuriating, an awful ADR line has been added with Connie screaming, "It's his diabetes!!!"... when another character literally says that in the…  
7068 Stop trying to make Godfather part 3 happen. Andy Gracia og Sofia Coppola har fortsatt konk i å være uengasjerte deltakere i denne serien. Hvordan er jeg den første som anmelder denne? 
7069 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   הסרט הזה לא מושלם והוא מלא בבעיות החל מסצנות שנמרחות יותר מדי זמן בלי שום סיבה מוצדקת ולמשחק הגרוע של סופיה קופלה ואם הסרט הזה היה ברמה של שני הסרטים הקודמים הסנדק הייתה נמצאת במקום שני בדירוג הטרילוגיות שלי אבל בכל זאת זה לא סרט גרוע ובוא נתרכז בדברים החיוביים בו.קודם כל הסנדק 2 הוא הסיום שהסאגה הזאת הייתה צריכה לקבל מהסיבה הפשוטה שמייקל הוא דמות טראגית ואם כבר  עדיף להשאיר אבל בכל זאת אם עושים סרט שלישי עדיף…   
7070 [coda] 
7071 don’t. i will talk when im ready. 
7072  Oh boy. My expectations were minimal and I'm still astounded at just how much of a thorough fumble this is next to the first two. The cinematography, acting (not just Sofia), in particular the ridiculous overly poetic dialogue that nonetheless beats you over the head with what didn't need to be said in the other two. The classic theme kicking in after some of these scenes almost feels like an insult.And this is the new, more concise cut that…  
7073 The Godfather 3 was like "hey here's incest and Al Pacino with the worst hair cut you’ve ever seen” 
7074 Felts better suited as a 4th rather than a 3rd. Feels like too much was skipped between this and the 2nd.Also everyone is wayyy to ok with incest in this 
7075 If Michael Corleone can't stop incest, then who can? 
7076  Competent to a tee, but criminally uninteresting. I never shared any emotional bond with this film nor do I possess any interest to see this again. The beats would lead you to believe this should be the most heartfelt Godfather film, but it ends up lacking any of the humanity of its two predecessors, replacing it with convoluted artifice. There's a handful of standout sequences - including the formulaic but meticulously staged opera house setpiece - but then The Godfather…  
7077 Francis Ford Coppola re-edited his stupid embarrassing movie and appeared at the beginning in front of a wall of books in his beautiful home and said Gideon you will like it. And I trusted the guy! and stupid New Yorker film critic dick Brody who said it was good. Well it was bad. I said look how they massacred my boy like 8 times during this. Sorry about all the negativity. Peace and love,Gideon 
7078   The Death of Michael Corleone  A colossal achievement very nearly on par with its predecessors, and only hobbled by a smattering of odd missteps. Taken as a whole, this is still a remarkably-rendered conclusion to perhaps THE great epic tragedy of the cinema. The story of the Corleone family is the story of America, it was never going to be perfect.It's somewhat inarguable that things don't quite cohere as well as they could, but I'll never condemn a film…  
7079 Andy Garcia is phenomenal ♥️♥️♥️♥️♥️I love this movie,Sorry Y’all 🤷‍♀️🔙Endgame 🔜Queen and slim 
7080 The 1,000th logged film... I owned this on DVD for at least 16 years and never watched it. First, it was because I was supposed to watch it with my high school best friend who claimed this was her favorite of the trilogy. (A crush on Andy Garcia is a strange thing.) Then it just became a weird stubborn thing. But now it’s time to see whether or not this is as bad as everyone says.[3 hours later]A crush on Andy Garcia is a strange thing indeed. 
7081 urrrrghhh why 
7082 Третья часть саги про семейство Корлеоне вышла не настолько плохой, как об этом принято говорить. Но, безусловно, Коппола потрудился над картиной спустя рукава. А финал на ступенях оперного театра получился и вовсе чизовым. Зато приятными бонусами идут реприза от Франко Читти и Хельмут Бергер в роли швейцарского наймита Ватикана. Так что, по любому, вечер прожит не зря.P. S. И, конечно, хорошо, что София Коппола вскоре после этого фильма оставила-таки актерскую профессию (несколько мало значительных проявлений на экране не в счёт). 
7083  TOMANDO VERGONHA NA CARA - PARTE 5"Quando penso que estou fora, eles me puxam de volta"A fala de Michael Corleone traduz a temática deste terceiro filme. Não exatamente como Michael profana, mas da forma que suas escolhas resultaram em um final inevitável.Culpa, sofrimento e redenção. The Godfather Part III dá desfecho de forma brilhante à história da família Corleone e, para ser sincero, o considero mais como um terceiro ato para um épico de três partes. Como…  
7084 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I know this is contrary enough to get me kicked off the internet, but not only did I wind up liking this, but I genuinely prefer it to the second film. I won't go as far as to say it is definitely better as there are areas where the second is better, e.g. Hagen still being here and the cinematography, leaving things I suppose to a preference of emphasis. That said where I thought the second was merely a much…   
7085 no makeout should EVER start after someone says the words: “i love you cuz.” ever. 
7086 Al Pacino you look like shit dawg i take back what i said before 
7087 A beautiful film to end the Godfather trilogy. There are wonderful scenes and segments spread throughout the entirety of this film and I still enjoy it immensely.Such a tragic and devestating ending that destroys everything Michael Corleone fought for from the first film.I havent seen the different version "The Death of Michael Corleone" but I will get the chance once I own this trilogy on 4k.Highly recommended! 
7088 Couldn’t take him seriously with his haircut 
7089  I wasn't that pessimistic heading into this because I don't hold the first two Godfather films in as high regard as most people. However, I absolutely get the hate. This is much worse than the first two movies. This is about 20 minutes shorter than Part I and 40 minutes shorter than Part II, and yet feels like the longest Godfather film. That was a very lackluster ending for Michael Corleone. Not to mention the end of the film was…  
7090 I know it was you, Paramount. You broke my heart. You broke my heart! 
7091  Dude if I was Michael corleone and I was trying to play it straight the SECOND my dipshit daughter wanted to fuck her cousin and everyone around me tried to convince me to let it happen I’d be right back in the game. There’d be a murder spree greater than both god father 1 and 2 combined. That’s what this movie should have been about, Michael corleone reluctantly returning to a life of crime to make sure his dumbass kids…  
7092 Hadn’t seen this one in a while, I watched the original version from 1990 and well it’s not great, it just feels pointless, to me it just felt like a bad remake of the first movie. Apparently Coppola didn’t want to make this but his two previous films flopped and he needed the money, this is what you get when you make something for money instead of making it for the art of it. 
7093 There are some nice looking shots and some good ideas. There’s a lot of dumb stuff in it though with  priest assassins and poison cannolis and shit. My favorite part is when a bunch of gangsters are getting shot up by a helicopter and one dude is hugging his coat and yelling “my lucky coat” then he gets riddled with bullets. That made me laugh. 
7094 better than i expected but just pale in comparison to the first two films which are some of the greatest works in cinema. Also this was made quite a while after the second one and i personally think its near impossible to capture that same magic when so much time has passed.CODA CUT 
7095 well hello sofia coppola… i am free on monday tuesday thursday wednesday friday sunday saturday 
7096 i cugini più famosi della cucina dopo carmy e cousin! 
7097 Sophia Coppola: The Death of The Death of Michael Corleone. 
7098 I said previously that I could watch this shit all day, and honestly even at this loose bordering on ramshackle level that remains true.Pulls that great cinematic trick of unleashing a corking final thirty minutes to help you forget that it was losing you through the middle patch. In the vortex of me knowing this was supposed to be a disappointment but always thinking people might be overexaggerating but also having that contrarian urge to really enjoy this , the final picture probably falls somewhere inbetween my expectations and my desires. The third best Godfather movie. 
7099  I rarely cry while watching films.I actually have this rule that if a film manages to make me cry then that film gets an automatic 5/5 star rating that I will never change no matter what, because if it manages to make me cry then it has earned that rating alongside a special place in my heart.Even if the film only manages to make me cry on first viewing and never again after that, I still won't change…  
7100  It’s simply not the first two films…I watched the re-edited version of Part III: The Godfather Coda: “The Death of Michael Corleone” and I feel that is how this film works best: As a Coda to the first two Godfather films. The Godfather Coda is a fantastic film in its own right, but it truly shines as an epilogue to The Godfather duology. While it is nowhere near as good as the first two films, it delivers a lot…  
7101 Ok now this might be a hot take but I actually thought this was the best Godfather movie. It certainly had some bad and some ugly (boring Vatican politics being the former, cousin sex being the latter), but most of it was great which is why I’m giving it a 4.5/5. This was definitely the coolest version of Michael in my opinion. I am a sucker for the “sick and dying man is trying to redeem himself after completely destroying his own life” trope (I really need to play rdr2). The conclusion was fitting, yet a haunting end his tale. Bravo Francis 
7102  Watched the CODA cut.I was so ready to like this movie. I went into it sort of assuming that it was probably an actually decent film that only got hated on because of how influential and incredible the first two parts are.But... I actually do think The Godfather: Part 3 is a genuinely mediocre film. The screenplay, performances, and direction are are all paltry at best. And while there are some plot points I enjoyed, I was ultimately…  
7103  I feel Iike I’ve been spending most of adult life avoiding watching this film. And, of course, it’s really not that bad. A huge drop-off in quality from the first two (the dialog in particular, just feels really clunky) and kinda unnecessary as a whole…but not bad! There’s a couple of great sequences (there’s also at least one sequence that feels like it’s from a Cannon movie, which is always welcome but also kind of weird in this context) and…  
7104 watching godfather w a man is exhausting like i dont need to you to remind me you hate every single female character when one of them shows up, at least hate on the men too! (everyone lowkey sucks except michael) (to my first statement, im kidding, i also love to criticize) (but i criticize everyone! inclusivity!!) 
7105 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I would argue that the very notion of a third Godfather film is kind of ridiculous in the first place, but I also believe that you can make anything work if you find the right angle. Unfortunately, this is not that angle. This is catastrophically boring and soulless, we just spend nearly three hours re-litigating the same conclusion we reached at the end of the second film. Pacino, as always, is acting his heart out but he seems to be…   
7106 Not as bad as I’d been told for thirty something years, but the “sexy” incestuous gnocchi making scene was too much for me. Why did they have to be cousins!!! Pacino and Keaton put a lot more of their authentic selves into their characters, and their dynamic feels lived in and complicated in all the right ways. The medievalist in me loved the papal politics. Literally screamed when my girl Catherine Scorsese showed up. 
7107  Michael's attempts to finalize his shift to legitimacy are interrupted by his hothead nephew and schemers from the Old World.The story is fine. Michael buys respect through hefty Church donations but finds more than enough corruption and betrayal there to surpass his own history. We get some guilt over killing Fredo (though really not enough) and trouble rising up from Sonny's indiscretions. There's deception and bloodshed and enough old Italian Dons to keep me slightly confused.While rewatching parts…  
7108 Disappointing The movie was boring , and it had his moments but it’s mid tier.And there was no vibe of the godfather so… 
7109 feels like a caricature of the previous ones. you can tell that the goal was to make this feel like the previous two, but no one cared if the end product was actually good. i dont understand the michael's apprentice character at all. unclear why michael gave him so much attention, and the guy who played him gave a painfully lackluster performance.im happy that sofia coppola redeemed her career in other areas because this was a rough start to say the least. 
7110  «И когда я почти завязал — они затащили меня обратно. Наш настоящий враг ещё не показал своё лицо».Третья часть Крёстного отца вовсе не отходит от двух предыдущих и по традиции начиналась с торжества. Теперь в центре внимания коррумпированная церковь Ватикана и стремление уже совсем не молодого Майкла навсегда очистить фамилию Корлеоне от криминального прошлого. Здесь он становится более осторожным в решениях, часто придаётся терзаниям за свои поступки в прожитые года и не желает больше проливать кровь. По ощущениям Аль…  
7111  Yo seré aquel que defienda esta cinta ante la marabunta de ignorancia y desconocimiento de aquellos que duramente la critican.Obviaremos el hecho de que es claramente inferior a sus predecesoras y que su aceptación ya estaba condicionada por estas.Según el aquí presente estos son los problemas principales de esta película:-La elección de Soffia Coppola como el personaje de Mary o María o como coño se diga.Sé que fue un remplazo pero es que su personaje acaba siendo ñoño y…  
7112 לא כזה גרוע (אם בכלל) כמו שהרבה מגדירים אותועם זאת אי-אפשר להתעלם מהרף האדיר שהסרטים הקודמים בסאגה העמידו וכאן נוצר פער מורגש. מלא ברגעים איקונים ופואטיים אך גם הרבה סצנות שהרגישו כאילו ניסו לחקות את הסרטים שקדמו לו במקום לייצר קווי עלילה חדשים שיהוו עומק והרחבה לעלילה ולדמויות.באמת קשה לדמיין עולם קולנועי בלי ההופעות של אל פאצ׳ינו כמייקל קורליאונה בשלושת הסרטים האלו ובכללי את סיפור משפחת קורליאונה שמוצג בצורה כה מופתית, עשירה ומהפנטת שתמיד תשאר רלוונטית ועל-זמנית.וחוץ מזה עשה לי חשק לניוקי (כמי שלא אוהבת ניוקי בכלל) 
7113 Great tragic ending for Michael Corleone and the whole trilogy. 
7114 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   (version watched: "the godfather coda: the death of michael corleone")y'all trippin this was outstanding. yes sofia coppola was pretty bad but that doesn't ruin how good the rest of the movie is, at least for me. beautiful score and cinematography as is the staple w these movies combined with another masterful performance from pacino and a great supporting one from andy garcía, whose vincent mancini fits right in with the rest of the corleone family. all the callbacks to…   
7115  Horny cousin shenanigans and no Tom Hagen aside, the final part of The Godfather Trilogy is quite entertaining and paints the whole trilogy as a Greek tragedy with one of the most soul hitting endings I have ever witnessed. That final montage and then the eventual death hit me right in the feels. Those screams of anguish during a certain character’s death were so emotionally devastating especially if you watch the trilogy back to back. Al Pacino injects his character…  
7116  A review of Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. Whenever the greatest trilogies of all time are talked about, I usually don’t include The Godfather trilogy despite its popularity in said conversations. I don’t include The Godfather “trilogy” not only because the third film is a mediocre afterthought beneath the giant shadow of the original two, but because the “trilogy” was never intended as one in the first place. Francis Ford Coppolla’s epilogue to the complete…  
7117 Damn the directing took a nosedive. Half the movie feels like a rom-com and this is nothing like the gritty and dark world from the first two movies. I got whiplash going right from Part 2 to 3. The only redeeming factor is the last 30 minutes.Also Sofia Coppola has the line delivery of Tommy Wiseau in The Room. 
7118 te amo sofia coppola 
7119 Ese grito de Pacino al final salvó toda la película, después de esos primeros actos del filme que son confusos y lentos.Te amo Sofia Coppola 
7120  ראיתי את הקודה. ו… זה נורא. פשוט גרוע.כל אחד מסרטי הסנדק ראיתי כל כך הרבה פעמים ואני זוכר אותם בעל פה אפילו השלישי שתמיד היה עליו כסאח אבל אני אוהב אותו מאוד. אבל כשנוגעים ביצירות האלה…. זה עושה לי רע.ופה קופולה וואחד נגע בסנדק 3… הוא הוריד מהסרט כל כך הרבה קטעים מעולים וערך קטעים מסויימים לאמצע וכל הסרט התבלגן לגמרי. אין קונטקסט לכלום בגלל זה! מי זה? מי זו? למה הוא עושה את זה? מה קורה?! קופולה…  
7121 CodaGood cut. MVP Joe Mantegna. 
7122  A Morte de Michael Corleone.Vamos começar dizendo que O Poderoso Chefão: Parte III é uma obra-prima subestimada que merece mais reconhecimento. Embora possa não alcançar as mesmas alturas dos filmes anteriores, ele brilha intensamente por si só.Em primeiro lugar, o filme apresenta uma fotografia deslumbrante e visualmente cativante. As cenas ricas e atmosféricas transportam você de volta ao mundo da família Corleone, capturando a essência de suas dinâmicas sombrias e complexas. O uso cuidadoso da luz e das…  
7123  The Godfather and its sequel contained such an immaculately crafted, complete story, with a beginning, middle and end. It was perfect. Which is why this superfluous, completely unnecessary third chapter feels so disconnected from those masterpieces. I really tried to not judge GF3 against the quality of those films, because in fairness it was never going to even hope to compete. But in all honesty, its simply an inferior film in nearly all areas, while still being a very good…  
7124 Necesitamos reivindicar los últimos 35 minutos. 
7125 I watched the Godfather Coda Re-Edit. Still soulless, still retcon heavy, still lacks dramatic heft and atmosphere, and emotion, and consistent performances, or a compelling plot, or a version of Michael Corleone who feels like he’s in any way connected to the man we saw before. Big ol’ whiff. 
7126 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 
7127 The imagery alone in this film is just beautiful. I’m glad I approached this as a separate thing to the first two parts, and rather a history of why and what.The ending is just so heart wrenching, I just loved it. Did the empire live on? 
7128 I was soooo bored!!! I would have rather watched The Flintstones (1994) 
7129 I mean it's alright but I bet you could find a fanmade animation better than this 
7130 Coda cut (finally.)Elegiac at its best, a glowering-fire warmth draped over scenes of men mouldering in rooms. Coppola was one of our great users of squibs. 
7131 one star for each of my favorite reaction images (michael corleone in hospital bed looking sickly and michael corleone wailing in misery) and half a star for the thirty second catherine scorsese cameo 
7132 Gott ist das eine Hirnkacke. Ich fühle mich wie Walter Donovan, der im dritten Indiana Jones, aus dem falschen Gral säuft. 
7133  ”Don Corleone, I need your help. And not just to light a little candle.”I don’t have much memory of the Godfather III that I watched on VHS/DVD in the Theatrical Cut. Is it as good or influential as part I (or parts I and II, if you want)? No. Is it a bad film? Most certainly no. Maybe not much new, but what do you expect from a third installment that plays in the surrounding?”Don’t overestimate the power…  
7134 The Spider-Man 3 of Godfathers. 
7135 Can Michael Corleone stop being a whiny little bitch it's been 3 movies now 
7136  This is a let down from the first two movies. This movie just felt long and boring and keep in mind the first two were long too and The Godfather Part 2 is the longest and I consider it the best one. But the difference is that the other ones are so good it didn't even feel like it's long. If they made this at least like an hour and 20 minutes long I could have given it 3 stars…  
7137 " Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in."Come on...this is a GOOD movie! The only reason I am giving this 4,5 stars is because it's not "perfect" or "epic" like the other two..I mean the plot has some really weird and annoying choices and it's slow but I think this is the right ending for the story...also the opera scene and Michael's silent scream...🙌 Incredible! 
7138 The pain of this ending will remain in my heart. 
7139 68/100It’s not bad it’s just a Poorly made film it could had been a lot better I fell like it has nothing to do with the godfather.not my cup of tea this is Emoji Movie compared to Godfather part 1 and 2Stream it if u wantC6.8/10 
7140 Hey! I wanna do something to convince you but, don’t get frightened, don’t do any sudden movements alright? Just watch me. 
7141  No film has suffered under the weight of high expectations more than The Godfather: Part III, a legacy sequel to two of the most highly regarded films of all time. The film is predominantly good with expectedly great performances from the returning cast and also newcomer Andy Garcia. The high budget is apparent in the film's incredible sets and production design and Carmine Coppola's take on Rota's impeccable score brings back all the great memories of the first two films.…  
7142 Nose porque dicen que es mala a mi me gusto bastante, no es mejor que el padrino 1 NI MEJOR que el padrino 2 pero tampoco es mala, pero bueno después de alargarla tanto tiempo porfin termine la trilogia ahora puedo dormir tranquilo. 
7143 Part III where Michael tries to atone for his murderous ways but learns that some sins follow you forever. The Opera scene is amazing! 
7144  The first time I watched The Godfather part 3, a couple of years back, I resented it. I thought it was a cheap and mediocre conclusion to two of the greatest movies ever made. I was wrong. The Godfather Part 3 is the best conclusion to the trilogy with an overwhelming sense of guilt and regret and pain hanging over the movie. Michael is a broken old man who is delirious and diabetic and still in the process of turning…  
7145 Michael Jordan playing for the Wizards type movie 
7146  you come to me…on the day my weird son is to sing in his first italian opera…and ask for my permission to keep boinking your cousin, who is also my daughter.so weird. pacino is playing pacino more than michael corleone which is unfortunate. don’t get why’s he’s sporting a top ten candidate for most distracting haircut in film history.  love the Immobiliare stuff. love the company name Immobiliare!! think sofia’s performance is unfortunate but whatever. it’s pretty easy to…  
7147  The Godfather. Part III se sienta, definitivamente, en el último escalón de la trilogía, y hasta con 4 sillas de por medio, en mi opinión.Quizás el haber visto la trilogía por primera vez en lo que es menos de un año, me permite tener una opinión muy distinta frente a aquellos que la fueron viendo a medida que iban saliendo cada una de sus partes, o al menos con otra dilatación en el tiempo.La parte I y la…  
7148 mi favorita entre todas, no entiendo xq dicen que no es tan buena si es BUENÍSIMA 
7149 The most overhated movie I’ve ever fucking seen, the ending was absolutely incredible 
7150 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  This version is "straight to the point" in the first act scenes but I didn't like the ending, which leaves Michael a "living dead" as he is devastated but doesn't have the heart attack in the chair as in the original version. Still a great movie!"Poderoso Chefão Desfecho: A morte de Michael Corleone". Essa versão é mais direto ao ponto nas cenas iniciais mas não me agradou o final, que deixa Michael um "morto em vida" já que demonstra estar arrasado mas não ocorre o ataque cardíaco na cadeira como na versão original. Ainda é um filmaço!  
7151 Why does the poster look like a Jay Z cover 
7152 Though this is not in the same ballpark as Part 1 & 2, this is still solid enough that it’s worth watching if you’re a fan of previous entries. It’s also worth noting the final half hour is definitely the strongest part of the film, providing appropriate closure to for audience. 
7153 I can tell Francis Ford didn't want to make this movie. 
7154 (coda cut) 
7155  Connie really gave new meaning to “leave the gun, take the cannolis.”I’ve actually never seen this film, but just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.Kinda. The Michael stuff is very good, the Kay stuff good, the Mary/Tony stuff ok, and everything related to Vincent is awful. When in New York, Coppola seems to forget how to direct, diving straight into TV movie soap opera territory. But when in Italy, he seems to settle…  
7156 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather — Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone Strangely, we can’t add the Coda version of this film on Letterboxd, but you can add the Godfather Epic which Coppola won’t release on physical media. 🤷🏻‍♂️ This new-fangled version of a “not quite classic” is not an enormous overhaul of the film, nor is it able to salvage the film from some of his colossal misfortunes. What it does do is establish a more intelligible plot that makes all the…   
7157  Version « The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone »Je ne pourrais pas trop parler de la différence entre l’ancienne version et celle-ci. Le souvenir de l’original est trop loin pour que je puisse comparer. J’aurais tendance à dire par que celle-ci est mieux entré au poste que l’original quand je l’ai vu.En soit, c’est un très bon film. Les deux originaux sont des œuvres tellement sublimes qu’une fraction de cette qualité va produire une superbe œuvre;…  
7158 Sista filmen i gudfadern triologin. Tydligen tycker folk att denna är sämre än dom andra, men jag såg inget fel. Den var typ exakt likadan. Lång, långsam, rörigt med många karaktärer. Enda skillnaden var att denna hade incest också😍 Ändå en underhållande film och den var bra, men enligt mig är alla gudfadern filmer overrated heh 
7159  A review of The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (and, I guess, a slightly more expanded review of my original The Godfather Part III review):Francis Ford Coppola always believed a third Godfather movie would be superfluous, and after money woes forced his hand, he was proven to be entirely correct: the story felt strange and out of place in the late 70s, the timeless feel of the first two movies was replaced with something too beholden to modern…  
7160 i laughed when Pacino said “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!” 😂 
7161  Extremely Chris Ryan voice  "INTERNATIONAL IMMOBILLIARE" Not enough is made about Andy Garcia just being on an absolute heater and Pacino honestly crushes. Clearly broken without Duvall. Would have been worlds better as a different movie, but the one we got is actually kinda good? 
7162 listen, i get peoples contention with this film and it’s placement within the trilogy. however, i still think it’s a great film albeit the weakest of the three. some shoddy performances yes (not to take away from some great ones), but i really don’t think it takes away from the viewing experience that much. mary had a great character arc despite some of sofia coppola’s acting. overall, the godfather part 3 is by no means necessary a bad film, it is a completely worthy entry and conclusion of the story. teared up a little at the final shot, coppola is really a legendary filmmaker. 
7163 What happened here??I adamantly refuse to believe that this was the same people who brought us two of the greatest films ever seen. Its slow, boring and at times just really strange (I'm looking at you random helicopter scene) Andy garcia is an awful casting and Sofia Coppolas dreadful acting made me want to turn this off as quick as humanly possible. Al pacino does his best to save this but its just not enough.Biggest dissapointment in film history?? 
7164  Finally viewing this new cut of The Godfather Part III, now titled Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. As Coppola has always stated, The Godfather saga is comprised of two films, Part 1 and Part 2, and the final film is an epilogue to the story. The new 4K set from Paramount Pictures actually contain the theatrical cut, the 1991 recut, and this final version that was released last year. Coda is a little tighter, with…  
7165  69/100Okay, it is pretty good. If you completely ignore the fact that Francis Coppola cast his own daughter into an incest storyline.Sofia Coppola is clearly the worst part of this film; but she doesn’t ruin it. She is definitely noticeably bad, but she does seem to improve a little by the end. She was a far too important character to leave in the hands of someone who doesn’t act professionally, though. This film is decently great when it…  
7166  The problem with this movie is that we all know it's backstage drama. We all know Coppola's financial struggle at the time, the Wynona thing, the little creative freedom, the Pacino-Duvall money problem, the lack of time for rewriting, even editing, all those things. But you know what? even with all that, the movie is actually more than good. Too convoluted? As are the other two movies, the plot is very complex and confusing most of the time in the…  
7167  Review of the 1990 Theatrical Cut in Dolby Vision…Francis Ford Coppola got it right the first time.  With the release of the GODFATHER TRILOGY on 4K UHD Blu Ray to celebrate the 50th Anniversary of the original 1972 masterpiece, Paramount Pictures and Francis Ford Coppola and his team have given fans of the Corleone Saga the chance to finally own the 1990 theatrical cut of the controversial yet highly under appreciated final chapter of the Corleones.  The theatrical…  
7168 She was wonderful, beautiful. I loved her. And then she died. My trusted bodyguard planted a bomb in my car. She drove it before I did.İlk 2 filmin gerisinde kalsa da gerçekten büyük başyapıt. Michael'ın Apollonia'yı hatırladığı sahne ikinci izleyişimde dahi duygulandırdı. 
7169  This is not a review of ‘The Godfather Part III’, this is a review of ‘Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone’, it just isn’t on Letterboxd for some bizarre reason.When I watched ‘The Godfather’ and ‘The Godfather Part II’, I was quite stuck on how to proceed. I wanted to finish the series off, but I was well aware of all the negative reception the readily available third entry received. I knew it was this…  
7170  Ok don’t @ me but this movie absolutely slapped. They really said ‘you know what we need more of? Religion and DILFs.’ And I, of all people, can respect that. Let me preface this by saying that I’ve had quite a stressful week, and a serious, slow-paced film was NOT going to cut it. I prepared myself for nearly 3 hours of boredom and instead I got ... a trashterpiece. This film takes everything the first two films did and…  
7171  spoilers ahoyFeatures the first and only time in the entire trilogy when someone corrects Michael’s iffy Italian pronunciation—but it wasn’t one of the actual Sicilian old-timers, rather his own son, and for once Michael actually more or less got all the sounds right, he just didn’t place the stress where it was meant to go. A much bigger blunder was when he told Don Tommasino he was trying to figure out who had ordered a massacre (“massacro”) but actually…  
7172  And so I finally get to part III, or at least the Coda cut of it for whatever that's worth.I'd always avoided this after hearing all about how it was terrible. It had never made me want to see it after the numerous times I'd watched part I and II. But seeing as they re-releases in the cinema had come out I decided now was finally the time.Frankly, it was never going to compare to the first two,…  
7173 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   It’s nowhere near the level of prestige of its two predecessors and it also didn’t want to be made, tom hagen was unceremoniously killed off screen cause robert duvall needed more money… but i think that all works tremendously in its favour. the distance and time it took for this to be made makes it tangible, and makes the importance and relevance of the story. Part 1 and 2 are already so complete in their depiction of america and the…   
7174  Fui revendo os dois primeiros filmes da trilogia ao longo dos anos, evitando sempre o terceiro pelas reacções muito distintas provocadas pelas três ocasiões em que o vi. Uma revisitação recente à trilogia, e as opiniões mais favoráveis que fui ouvindo nos últimos tempos, levaram-me a finalmente voltar a pôr os olhos neste capítulo final.Tudo o que me lembrava de haver de bom nele mantém-se e é melhor do que pensava. As tensões, os conflitos do passado, as mágoas…  
7175 The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone without exaggeration, Lynch-levels of weird. 
7176  Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone“I would burn in hell, to keep you safe.”There’s something profoundly intimate and personal in The Godfather, Part III. Coppola’s movies have always been family affairs, even if Evans and Ruddy had to cast his sister under her married name. After all, this isn’t Sofia Coppola’s first appearance in the Godfather franchise. She’s been, in some ways, a part of it since the beginning.By all accounts, Sofia was…  
7177 It was nice to see Michael as an old mafia boss like Vito was. Its a good movie I don't understand why it is so hated. 
7178 it was an amazing year and a half not seeing this movie 
7179  This is a review for the Godfather: Coda the death of Michael CorleoneThe godfather: Coda the death of Michael Corleone is the worst movie in the trilogy. And I think it’s biggest failure is a lack of purpose and existence. I think another sequel would have worked for the Godfather series but I feel it does very little to earn that. The new cast here is a big problem, especially Sofia Coppola, who you can see lacks a lot…  
7180 Damn you Letterboxd for making The Godfather the only collection left to be completed on my stats page. 
7181  [Watched the The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone‪ version]The re-edited epilogue of the Godfather movies from Francis Ford Coppola remains enjoyable to me,that fact isn’t that surprising since I never disliked the original in the first place.While Sofia Coppola’s performance is wooden and flat I think claims that it somehow derail the film is exaggerated.I still liked how introspective and meditative film this is,Michael’s reflection of the sins of his past and how it parallels his present…  
7182 Sofia Coppola isn't great is she? But that's alright. Andy Garcia has enough charisma to last a whole three hours. 
7183 The hate for this movie kind of throws me, I think it's a fantastic conclusion to an already perfect trilogy.It seems realistic to me on how a life of crime would make someone feel like Michael corleone and what comes with the life its such a great movie definitely the worst out of the trilogy but still a masterpiece of crime drama 
7184 okay i hated mary but i didn’t necessarily want her to die wtf 😭😭😭 but like if vito survived 46565667 bullets in part I and ended up dying of just old age, why couldn’t mary if she was younger (idk i’m not a scientist 💔)i’m a michael corleone apologist u guys just don’t get it he’s too sexy for y’all (honestly i found him sexier in this one than in any of the others idk what that says abt me..) 
7185 אז עשיתי החלטה היום בערב שבאתי להתחיל את גרסת הבמאי של החלק השלישי (הרי כל הריווץ' הזה היה בשביל שאני אראה את גרסת הבמאי של החלק השלישי) שאני בסוף לא אראה אותו בכלל ואני ארווץ' רק את הסנדק 3 הרגיל בעיקר כי הסנדק 3 גדל אצלי בראש לסרט מצויין ולא רציתי שגרסת הבמאי תהרוס לי אותו... אז כן הסנדק 3 הוא סרט מצויין אני עדיין עומד במה שאני אומר תמיד על הכסאח עליו. הסנדק 3 הוא סרט מאפיה מצויין עם בימוי פשוט מדהים.סופיה תישארי מאחורי המצלמה בבקשההה... 
7186  I watched the new cut and I think that if Francis Ford Coppola wanted to silence the critics of Sophia Coppola’s performance (who took their criticisms way too far) he should’ve just added a line where someone mentions her character is an Instagram influencer who was somehow sent back to the 1970s. All the performances are off and weird in this because every scene leading up to the Mission Impossible 5 opera set piece feels like a heavily improvised rehearsal.…  
7187  artifice where art is the site of violence: an opera might end but the only conclusion to leaving the theater is the death of time. I haven't seen the first two installments of this story in a minute, but I've never bought the IMDB-discussion board narrative that I and II are the superior portions and this is a failure to conclude the trilogy. I think part of the readiness of this conclusion is owed to us being too invested in…  
7188  Mi mayor decepción del cine.Después de las dos exitosas obras maestras, la hermosa " The Conversation" y la obra maestra " Apocalypse Now' de 1979, Coppola vuelve con el final de la saga de los Corleone en una época donde sus producciones no habían sido exitosas. Cuenta la historia de Michael Corleone tratando de legitimar su imperio criminal y redimir sus pecados. The Godfather Part 3 es considerada de las mayores decepciones en la historia del cine. La cinta…  
7189  So this is what it looks like when you shit all over your legacy for money 🤠🤠🤠🤠Godfather part 3 is almost unwatchableIt’s such a step down from the 1st and 2nd 2 is the perfect sequel/prequel to 1 There is literally no need for a 3 So the whole reason I was thinking whyWhat was the point?Was there a story about Michael as an old man, definitely that could be an interesting story But this isn’t…  
7190 WHACK 
7191 Godfather Coda.Better but not quite. It still suffers from a lack of the wonderful narrative restraint of the first two while somehow still trying to cram way too much (forced) resolution into everything. The acting and writing were noticeably weaker too.And the '90s just weren't a good fit for this trilogy. Quit with the close-ups. We want the wide shots lingering on dark rooms with smoking Sicilians. 
7192  Well, this was quite the left turn. It’s not as abhorrent as I had been lead to believe, as a matter of fact it’s more strange than it is outwardly “bad.” When you adapt from a book that has such specific and novelty themes, you can only go so far with so little (especially if each film is around the three hour mark,) and knowing that makes this so much better. The Godfather: Part III feels like an unfocused project…  
7193 would’ve gotten a 4 out of 5 if winona ryder played mary as originally planned 
7194 The first time i watched it i gave it a 3/5, with the time i started to like it more and i gave it an 3.5/5, and now that i rewatched it i like it even more so i was about to give this a 4/5 but i just realized that i already gave it a 4/5 by mistake lol 
7195 my dad made me watch this 
7196 That confession scene is cold fucking blooded man, the ending really setup The Irishman In my opinion, about getting old and realizing life has passed you by!!! 
7197 Enjoyed it more than part 2 
7198 *Original VersionNot as good as its predecessor. I still like it though. 
7199 Just like an actual confession: long-winded, a little dull, frequently embarrassing, but ultimately necessary, absolving itself for the previous films' romanticization of mafia ethics by exposing it to be as empty as the gaping hole in Pacino's silent scream. I sense circa-'90 Coppola might be on to something here in his continuous focus on the bureaucratic banality of evil within the Catholic Church—an institution not a stranger to silent screams of its own. 
7200 watched the new “Coda” version if you thought i was gonna watch this without a BIG bowl of spaget 🍝 fuhgettaboutit 
7201 Que cosa triste. Es como esas bandas de los 70s que se vuelven a juntar para hacer una gira pero el baterista ya murió, el tecladista se quedó pelado, el cantante ya no llega a la mitad de las notas que antes podía cantar, y el guitarrista está muy pasado de rosca, convencido que es DIOS y puede hacer lo que quiere. Sencillamente penosa, innecesaria e indigna de la saga. 
7202 Yeah, so a huge step down from parts 1 and 2 But it was still good 
7203  Egal, in welcher neuesten Schnittfassung (hier mit einem stärkeren Anfang, aber einem schwächeren Ende) - das Gefühl beschleicht einen (nach wie vor), dass die zweiteilige Michael-Corleone-Geschichte von der Illegalität in die Legalität, aber auch von der Familie in die Entfremdung auserzählt wurde. 16 Jahre später folgte ein viel zu kalorienarmes Dessert auf ein viel zu üppiges Hauptmahl. Jetzt nennt es Coppola zwar „Epilog“, aber irgendwie bleibt dieses „fünfte Rad am Wagen“ eine überlange und über Gebühr überladene Rekapitulation gesteigerter, jedoch…  
7204  I don’t know how it’s possible, but I actually think this re-editing worsens the film. Usually I go about ten years in between viewings of this one but I’ve seen this film twice now in the past year. And seeing it again so close to the last time really shows the rust on this one. I find this film to look incredible but it is horribly written. All the call backs to the previous films whether it be characters reprising…  
7205 Skull crushingly boring 
7206 the ending was spectacular, didn't really do anything other than that to make it stand out imo 
7207 The heartbreaking scream at the end is the greatest acting of Al Pacino’s life. 
7208 Aggressively mid. Also I hated the love story between Mary and Vincent, they’re literally first cousins 🤮 
7209 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  WHY.... serves her right to get shot omfg  
7210  I know there are a lot of opinions and feelings surrounding this film. So from the most objective standpoint I can view it through, it is a competent but entirely sloppy film. I know Coppola was rushed to make it and all that b.s. but there is still no excuse. I never felt any tension throughout this film and I didn’t care about what was happening. I can rewatch Godfather 1 and still care about each character and feel the…  
7211  Coda Like everyone else has already said, the changes made in the new re-edit are small but they make a world of difference. You start out situated much better in both the plot and the theme, which now reads as a broad reckoning with morality and (Catholic) guilt; the subsequent events play out more smoothly; and it ends on a more resonant note. It doesn't change the substance - it's still not on the transcendent level of the first two…  
7212 well at least it’s finally over now. that’s something i guess 
7213 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Trinta anos depois, Francis Coppola volta ao filme com olhar mais distanciadoÉ com uma ironia dupla, talvez involuntária, que chega a versão remasterizada, renomeada e remontada de O Poderoso Chefão 3, para celebrar os 30 anos do fim da saga de máfia mais famosa do cinema americano. Irônico porque o novo subtítulo, Desfecho: A Morte de Michael Corleone, promete literalmente um epílogo, uma coda (a versão de cinema tinha mais esse perfil do que esta versão remontada), e duplamente…   
7214  The Godfather: Part III always gets a bad rap simply because it's inferior to the previous two entries of the trilogy, but it's far from a bad film.It's a story centering on Don Michael Corleone's demise, as he is near retirement and looks to rekindle from his ex-wife Kay and their children. It's probably the slowest-paced film in the trilogy, but a lot of it is done with intention, as a lot of it is contributed to reflection. Al…  
7215 This was my first time watching the Godfather Part 3, and I personally think everyone is way too harsh to this film. I really enjoyed it, no doubt is it the weakest of the trilogy and it always had a tough job following both the previous spectacular parts of the Godfather story. I saw it is a very fitting end to the trilogy and gave Michael Corleone a rounded and complete story. 
7216  ["The Death of Michael Corleone" cut]I... kinda... liked... Sofia Coppola. I write these words without a hint of irony. She’s always been her own vibe, and that strong sense of self may not fit within the confines of the mafioso world for most, but I personally find her a breath of fresh air, even taking under consideration her problematic storyline.About the re-edit, what shines through is the reminder that Coppola is a top tier filmmaker who always delivers…  
7217 *THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEThat ending had me at “whoa.” 
7218  This tricky, frustrating movie. Whether you call it “The Godfather: Part III” or “Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone,” it’s hard to argue that this measures up to its predecessors. That doesn’t mean it’s all bad, though, or at least it doesn’t mean it’s as bad as its reputation suggests. The performances are by and large quite good; Andy Garcia is terrific and makes you want to see more, and even Sofia Coppola, with the benefit…  
7219 I honestly don’t understand why this is referred to as the ‘bad’ Godfather movie. It’s probably not as memorable as the first two but it still has some really excellent moments.The opera scene was one of the best of the whole trilogy. 
7220  Jamás pensé que iba a terminar llorando al terminar de ver esta trilogía épica. Las dos primeras partes son tan perfectas que recién en esta me pude emocionar y encariñar con la saga. Y eso es lo que salió del hecho de que no tenga la perfección de las otras. Ahora, que tenga 3.4 de promedio en Letterboxd es una falta de respeto, me esperaba algo peor por ese rate y es mucho mejor de lo que dicen. Coincido en…  
7221 definitely has major issues and I’m disappointed 
7222  An opening shot of skyscraper beside church might well be the cumulative image of The Godfather. The seats of power, new and old, in contrast and collaboration. Not the rejection or revolution the American idea requires, but an evolution of ancient structures. The Church, besides for symbolic rites, is a conspicuous absence in the films previous. Here it reemerges as a representative of the highest and most judicious (‘legitimate’) protuberance of the Italian social milieu. The supreme pontiff himself, literally…  
7223 Not completely awful, but it sure doesn’t try to hide the fact that it was a complete cash grab 
7224  THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEIt's been a while since I've seen The Godfather: Part III, a film I've always maintained is a better entry that it's given credit for. This is arguably the slightly better version of it, pruning it down to the essentials and providing a tighter experience overall. Without ego, Coppola has done away with the elaborate church sequence that opened the original cut, replacing it with a scene that originally came 40 minutes…  
7225  THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONENot quite the dramatic reworking of THE GODFATHER PART III that it was presented as. Its strengths and weaknesses are essentially the same, as there’s really only so much that you can do with the raw materials being what they are.That said, some of the editorial changes are intriguing (though most are fairly subtle). The most substantial work has been done to the opening and the finale, and while I think…  
7226  MARIO PUZO'S THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEReally not sure how to talk about this one, because I'm nowhere near perceptive enough to notice every edit nor am I smart enough to figure out why they make the end product work so much better. All I know is that it feels essentially like the same movie but clearer, more in focus. I'm able to see now the tragedy of Connie Corleone, who never had to deal with…  
7227  The new cut gives the series a satisfying conclusion that it didn’t necessarily have before. I’m shocked Al Pacino wasn’t nominated because his performance is really great and moving. Michael tries atoning for his sins even though he thinks he’s irredeemable. You can’t fix all the hurt and pain you’ve caused but you can try to live a better life going forward. Catholic guilt is a hell of a drug. Michael’s confession even had me, a lapsed Catholic, wondering if…  
7228 Admirably jumps right into the story rather than spinning its’ wheels for that first hour. It’s all in the pacing baby, and this moves a lot better now. Was really moved by the scene where Anthony sings to Michael and he is reminded of Apollonia, and he just breaks down. Finally the film it’s supposed to be. 
7229 I watched the Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone version so I don't know how the original version is. However, assuming they didn't change TOO much in this one, I don't understand why everyone dunks on it so hard.Weird incest plot aside, I thought this film had some very powerful ideas in relation to Michael and his search for redemption. I found it especially powerful when he gets his answer. 
7230 The Virgin Snyder Cut vs the Chad Copa Cut 
7231 The Godfather CODA: The death of Michael Corleone 
7232 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Review for The Godfather Coda: The Death Of Michael CorleoneI genuinely believe it is impossible to salvage this film. I’m not gonna repeat my reasoning for why I hate the original cut, but you can find my previous review if you wanna see that. This movie had a different opening scene, and I thought, “wow, this is really gonna be different”, and then they played the exact same fucking movie in front of my eyes. There are some random…   
7233  Look.  We all know that this didn’t need to be made.  But this recut is actually much better.  The stakes are set right out of the box.  It’s a lot less convoluted.  Sophia is better than I remember.  The saga of the potential redemption of the Corleone’s family is gripping and beautiful to behold at times.  But it really didn’t need the long Sicily stuff where Michael tries to get back with Kay.  We are way past that.  It’s enough…  
7234 This really is the greatest film ever made. 
7235 (Regarding 'The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone')If Coppola went through all the trouble of re-editing the movie, he could have at least added a CGI Marlon Brando force ghost at the end."It has the best cinematography of all three movies and yet it kind of sucks." - Eli 
7236  Ça y est, je suis un vrai cinéphile, j'ai vu Le Parrain... les 3, bien entendu. L'aura de perfection qui planait sur les deux premiers tomes se dissipe légèrement pour ce dernier film, laissant entrevoir des personnages dérangés et inquiets, pour la première fois. Malgré cela, l'ambiance sublime qui précédait le troisième volume s'invite une nouvelle fois à l'écran, embellir quelque chose déjà proche de la perfection. Le chef-d’œuvre de Francis Ford Coppola s'ancre à tous jamais dans l'histoire, occupant…  
7237  Here's the take which people need to understand-1. No amount of editing can change the fact that the Godfather Part III was an unnecessary sequel which doesn't really add anything to the original duology.2. At its core, the new edit is the same movie, however by changing the sequencing of the opening and closing scenes as well as trimming some of the fat, The Godfather Coda feels less like a bloated afterthought and more like an epilogue or…  
7238  everything’s so much sadder, more pathetic, more soulless, less cool, less exhilarating, less romanticised.  a lifelong facade crumbling into its inevitable destruction.  yet it’s still pretty damn great.  does this often feel unearned, convoluted, inauthentic, and very fuckin weird? yes.  is the opera/vatican climax and those last few frames some of the most tragically and beautifully affecting stuff francis ford coppola (and al pacino overall) has ever done? also yes.  a moral tale of what it means to…  
7239 Lacks the raw power and consistency of previous entries, a problem exacerbated by some poor casting choices. Part of the problem is narrative itself; Part III inflates scale but sacrifices intimacy, and many of the parallels to previous films feel more like imitations than homages. There is still a solid structure there in the inevitable fall to accompany the gradual rise, but where Part II served as a relatable, skewed take on the American dream, the plight of an international millionaire powerbroker is less immediately empathetic. 
7240  I really enjoyed the arc Michael was given and the way in closed in the great ending, but besides that, I can’t find much else that really stood out to me in this film. It was too convoluted and long than it needed to be. The new characters introduced didn’t have anything special about them. Thankfully, the gorgeous cinematography and amazing score was still there. In my opinion, the best thing to come out of The Godfather Part III was…  
7241 if andy garcia touched my shoulders i would simply die 
7242 Feels like a made-for-tv sequel. Maybe because of the weirdly flat lighting? Or the insanely terrible ADR? It’s like Psych: The Movie but it’s The Godfather. 
7243  El Padrino III sufre de dos grandes hechos en su contra: es la continuación casi 20 años después de dos de las candidatas a mejor película de la historia y fue estrenada el mismo año que la única otra película de mafioso capaz de medirse con esta saga, Goodfellas. Por ende, El Padrino III está considerada como una de las peores secuelas de todos los tiempos, y sí, es la más enmarañada de la saga y palidece ante la perfección…  
7244 Como alguém consegue dizer que esse filme é ruim? Definitivamente não está no nível dos dois primeiros, mas é um filme magnífico com um final magistral que é uma das coisas mais emocionantes que tive o prazer de ver. 
7245 eh cumpari is a song my grandfather used to sing all of the time, the corleones have great taste 
7246 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  amo a sofia coppola con todo mi ser pero como actriz meh, mary corleone no me transmitió nada así que cuando murió no lloré realmente por su muerte sino por la reacción de michael, esa escena es increíble y la actuación de al pacino 10/10fuera de esa escena y otras más, esta película estuvo muuy floja comparada a las otras, pero el final me destruyó y la verdad amé esta trilogía <3  
7247 🎵 we're doing a sequel, how hard can it bewe can't do any worse than the godfather 3 🎵- the muppets 
7248  Although I wasn't in love with The Godfather or Part II, I respected the films for their artistic merits, performances and influence they had on film which is still being felt to this very day. Without those films, we wouldn't have Goodfellas, we wouldn't have The Irishman, we wouldn't have The Sopranos. We also wouldn't have this steaming turd which has absolutely no reason for existing.It's the shortest out of the three yet it feels like the longest, the…  
7249 yeah, this wasn’t that great but when are we gonna talk about my girl CONNIE. SHE WAS AND STILL IS THE MOMENT. HER CHARACTER DEVELOPMENT?? WE LOVE TO SEE IT!! 
7250 It’s a poisoned well and was doomed from the start (Paramount only made it because they needed money), but once you listen to Coppola’s breathtakingly honest, if a little too pro-incest, commentary track...you will enjoy the film more instead of just appreciating it’s efforts. 
7251 youtu.be/bzblLkTJJmMRalph: 4/10Adam: 3/10Alex: 4/10 
7252 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  The only scene I felt was truly great was at the very end when Michael reflects on all the relationships he has destroyed and dies  
7253  The Process comes to an End, once again.I wont write much about the Godfather 1 & 2 cause they are two perfect Masterpieces of Cinema every Movielover should discover for himself in my Opinion.The third Part of Coppola's Trilogy has a few Problems.It feels extremly long cause of the Combination of MUCH Religios Church Stuff and the "I'm old, I want to get Legal" Topic.Interesting, but that's the Reason why this is a very hard Watch.But…  
7254 Trotz der genannten Mängel fügt sich Teil 3 der Trilogie nahtlos in dieses Epos, diese Familien-Saga der Corleones ein. Die Tragik dieser Familienchronik wird in Teil 3 sogar besonders deutlich [...].Hier geht's zur kompletten FILMSTARTS-Kritik: bit.ly/FSKritikDerPate3 
7255 There are some phenomenal scenes in here (the home invasion, Mike and Kay reminiscing in Sicily, and that tragic ending), yet there are some storylines that are just flat out weird, like the whole subplot between Andy Garcia and Sofia Coppola. The definition of a mixed bag, and it really isn’t at the fault of the actors. I just think the script could have benefited from a few more drafts and the return of Robert Duvall. 
7256 Has such moments of brilliance like the Little Italy scene with Joey Zasa, but all of the International Immobiliare, Don Altobello, and Sofia Coppola scenes are disappointing. Andy Garcia and Al Pacino are fantastic, if only they had a better story. 
7257 The Godfather: "I'm going to make him an offer he can't refuse."The Godfather, Part II: "It was you, Fredo, you broke my heart!"The Godfather, Part III: "Tony. Says. That. l. Am. A. Front. For. The. Foundation. That. You. Are. Using. Me. To. Pull. The. Strings."1 star for Sicily location shoot. 1 star for ZASA!!!! 
7258 michael corleone retired with his family in 1965 and lived happily in his lake home to the day of his death. this movie is just a spinoff okay? okay. 
7259 that must have been a bad cannoli 
7260 Contrary to opinion, I genuinely enjoyed this watch. From an acting perspective, I had a blast watching Garcia’s ambition, Keaton’s fragility, & Pacino’s silence. Seeing how they all progressed throughout the film only makes me realize that character development is Coppola’s scriptural strong-suit. Although it maintains the same technical strengths of its predecessors (I love you Gordon Willis), I must say it isn’t as fleshed out as they are. Still, however, in terms of subtext, there’s a lot for the audience to dwell on.I have finally crossed the Godfather trilogy off my watchlist.I love you, Coppola. 
7261  Painful. Thinking about this movie is just painful. I only expected it to be less better than the other two, but in my opinion it was a completely nonsense.The comparison is probably its worst enemy, maybe if I try to overlook the dull narrative I could see how it may be useful to understand the decline of Micheal to a lonely path of regret, but damn, we didn't need three hours of uninteresting priests messes and Sofia Coppola cringing…  
7262 The Simpsons referenced this trilogy a lot, but I never expected the guy who voices Fat Tony to actually originally be in one of these films. Also, they killed someone with a pair of glasses!?! 
7263  Nearly 30 years later after the first viewing, I watched this for the second time.And it is still a hodgepodge of a film.But SofiaCoppola’s performance has aged quite well I thought. Back when it came out  I thought she got a bit (a lot) of a raw deal at the time even if she wasn’t all that great.Now I watch Diane Keaton and Al Pacino in this and have far more issues with them than I do…  
7264  Fans of cinema are positively unanimous in the lauded praise of The Godfather parts one and two. While they certainly didn’t make as much of an impact on me as I was expecting, I still appreciate the hard work put in by director Francis Ford Coppola. I’d heard rough opinions on the final instalment in the trilogy, but I’d not expected The Godfather III to be this redundantly useless. Completely devoid of point and interest, yet somehow pulls it together…  
7265 Props for an attemp at such a lofty scope - New York real estate monopolies that end up influencing the election of a new pope, for Christ sake - but so stagey with melodramatic violent scenes that at times it often reads like a spec script for a potential third Godfather movie written by a writer of cheap paperback thrillers. Still, Coppola still knows how to put a scene together, despite the embarrassing content. By the way, what was worse: Sofia Coppola’s acting or the cousin fucking subplot? DAS A-SPICY MEATBALL! 
7266 El punto final a mi año cinematográfico es, también, la muerte de una de las mejores sagas de la historia del séptimo arte. Y, la verdad, no se me ocurre mejor forma de despedir 2018.P. D.: A los que decís que es una película floja, que está a años luz de las dos primeras partes, etc., probad a verla después de enlazar One From the Heart, Peggy Sue Got Married y Tucker y ya me contáis. 
7267  Surely, I thought, everyone was overstating how bad this is. Surely, I thought, it was just a relative letdown next to the previous two and people just couldn't handle the disparity.Nope, it's at least as terrible as everyone says, both compared to the previous installments and just all by itself. That so many have laid the blame on Sofia Coppola's acting is absurd and offensive. She's really bad, don't get me wrong, but when she's on-screen it's honestly refreshing…  
7268  First off, I totally understand the criticism The Godfather Part III went through being that it's a sequel to two of the magnum opus that is The Godfathers I and II. I get it, it was a huge step down. And Coppola never wanted to make a third one, stating that the story had already ended in the preceded sequel.That being said, I, too, understand how chaotic it must've been to go through production without having a focused sense…  
7269 Wow, there is such an obvious difference in quality between this one and the other 2. It just seems forced compared to the others. The score doesn’t have the same effect, the cinematography fails to equal its predecessors, the incest is... ew & the acting of the next generation is average. It’s still one of the best Trilogies ever bc of the 1st two but this one lacks so so much. The ending was emotionally moving but it seemed like a chore to get there. 
7270 :(I am sadI am a sad boiOn my reviews for the Godfather Part 1 and 2 I compared them to paint on a canvas and how they're both beautiful and I was going to say something funny for this one because I knew I would most likely not like itBut I didn't anticipate it would be this bad so bad in factI have become very sad :( 
7271 I bet if I watch this series a few more times I'll like this less and less. Probably pretty unnecessary, even more so when they couldn't get all the right cast together. Was really missing Duvall in this. 
7272 this was a hot mess but i'd be lying if i said i didn't thoroughly enjoy the opera hall scenes 
7273 " لا تكره أعداءك أبداً، فذلك يؤثر على حُكمك. " - مايكل كورليوني 
7274 as much as i enjoy myself when i watch this movie, part of me can't help but feel offended and wildly confused at how this movie turned out. it's like francis ford coppola was purposely trying to sabotage this movie so paramount would get off his back. gives me plenty of material to rant about michael, though, as baffling as his characterization is. 
7275 Me and my cousinsAnd you and your cousinsIt’s a line that’s always running 
7276  People are too hard on this movie. Does it not live up to the original? Yes. But, just because something is disappointing doesn't make it bad, especially when you've got to live up to the reputation of "THE GODFATHER PARTS ONE AND TWO ARE THE GREATEST PIECES OF CINEMA EVER MADE". Should it have just not been made? Yes. Definitely. It does not need to exist. But, since we have it, it's a fine film. A decent story, some great…  
7277 Still a pretty fun movie, but you knew where this was going right from the beginning. There's only so many things they can do at this point really, and we know how Michael thinks and is going to act. It wasn't without its merits - strong acting, pretty good dramatic scenes, but like the others, man do they make long movies! Glad to have made it through all three finally, but I'm not sure I really want to revisit them any time soon. 
7278  ختامية ويالها من نهاية تنهي بها عمل خالد بالسينما بنبرات هادئة ولحظات حابسة للأنفاس لتنهي بها تلك السلسلة التي طالما ترددت على ألسن الجميع ، تراودت أقاويل عن تدني المستوى الفني لهذا الجزء هو بالأحرى كذلك ولكن هي خطوة لابُد خطوها فإنخفاض شيء من المستوى الفني هو نتيجة متوقعة للفرق الزمني بينهم وإستجلاب بعض الشخصيات فرأيت شخصيات لا توضع هُنا أمام كل تلك العظمة و الكبرياء فـ برأيي كان من الواجب عمل جزء ثالث ليكملها في عقل المشاهد وترسخ كذلك…  
7279 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   It's not nearly as good as the first two movies, but it remains a worthwhile epilogue that concludes Michael Corleone's story in an overall satisfactory if uneven manner.The performances remain good to great all-around. Pacino does have his occasional distracting hammy moments (Ex. Michael's first heart-attack, the yell after the death of his daughter) but still manages to shine thanks to some great dialogue. The story told in which Michael begins to contemplate and question his life while trying…   
7280 The opera sequence is just magical. How can anyone say this is the worst movie from the trilogy? It's just as good as the two previous ones. I guess here's a perfect example that you have to see the movie before making assumptions if you'll like it or not based on others opinions. 
7281 Quite slow paced with some bad supporting performances and one of the worst ending scnes in cinema, it still delivers a solid enough story and one of my favourite SceneS in cinema. 
7282  From CinemaShame.Wordpress.com.This has become a most unexpected slice of Shame. Having rewatched Godfather and Godfather Part II to brush up on my Corleone lore for the recently recorded Cinema Shame podcast, I kept right on rolling into Godfather Part III. Why not? The wife and I were invested, hip-deep, quoting the films and proffering our own community-theater Brando impersonations. Of course we would complete the cycle.But a funny thing happened shortly after beginning the final Godfather installment. I…  
7283  This move takes a lot of flack. And while there are definitely some problems with it. I don't think that it is as bad as a lot of people make it out to be. Are there some parts that are bad, absolutely. I think Sophia's performance is pretty bad. She is not a very good actress (Writer/Director yes... actress no) a lot of her scenes she seems to be trying to act and not let the actions and reactions come…  
7284 Well. I finished it. Honestly, this was not as bad as everyone says. The ending however left me unsatisfied. You could replace this movie with the scene from The Lion King where ghost Mufasa emerges out of the sky to talk to Simba but with Vito and Michael, and it would be more satisfying than this movie. Al Pacino was the best part of this though, and I loved the scene where he confessed his many sins and sobbed. 
7285  Paramount. Coppola Restoration Blu-Ray1.85:1Color (Technicolor)35mm15"Friends and money - oil and water"THEATRICAL CUTThe story comes full circle, we have the first and third film deal with transition and the middle film deals with the start of power. In a nutshell it works, the concept really does come together, it's not fluid as it should be when we take Coppola's previous work. However, the finale to this film is heartbreaking when we see Michael throughout…  
7286  With its present reputation, it takes a long time to get around to The Godfather Part III, unless of course you’re already a big fan of Coppola’s saga. I only ever wanted to watch it after refreshing myself with the first two parts, but that’s a long investment. You’ve seen over 6 hours worth of film before you get around to the third, usually I’m burnt out by then. However, this time I really came around on Part II. While…  
7287 Michael Corleone tries to make his business legit and save what is left of his family and his life. They should have left it at the second movie because this movie is not terrible but it is slow paste and dull at parts. 
7288 I'd seen large sections of all three films many times over the years, but I FINALLY got it together enough to watch all three in order over the course of the past week. The Result: I may never be able to go to a wedding, baptism or opera again. 
7289  A definite disappointment. Almost an unnecessary film to be made. I think I would have been content with the ending of part 2. Andy Garcia is the highlight of this film; excellent job as the hot-tempered successor of Michael. Then there is the complete other end of the spectrum with Sofia Coppola, who is just awful as Michael's daughter Mary. There are still some decent themes addressed in the film, such as Michael's alienation, and Coppola's use of oranges still…  
7290  On previous viewings of this film I have been much more lenient towards it. I just finished watching it for I believe the 7th time and for the first time I now see it for what it really is. What is that? A good film, nothing more. Following up the first two Godfather films was obviously a tough assignment. The fact is, no matter how good this film was it probably wouldn't surpass its predecessors. Unfortunately, not only did it…  
7291 I like the guy that does the donkey impression, and that's about it. There is nothing really that bad about this film, though the fact that it is boring is pretty bad in and of itself. I guess I'm glad I finally watched this, but I will never watch it again. 
7292 Finishing up my Godfather Trilogy watch.Godfather Coda is definitely the definitive cut of this film.Thank you Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola for one of the greatest film trilogies of all time.Coda:10/105/5 
7293 Zum ersten Mal in der Coda-Fassung von 2020 für unsere nächste Bonusfolge geguckt. Ich habe ein paar Gedanken dazu ... 
7294 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Рецепт коктейля Кровавая Мэри:-45 мл водки-90 мл томатного сока-15 мл лимонного сока-2-3 дэша (1 дэш равен 3-5 каплям) вустерского соуса-Табаско-Смесь соли c порошком сельдерея-Чёрный перецИнгредиенты необходимо аккуратно перемешать и налить в стеклянный стакан хайболл. Коктейль можно гарнировать сельдереем и долькой лимонаНу, или можно просто ебнуть персонажа Софии Копполы в конце фильма  
7295 CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE CUT4000th movie on Letterboxd where’s my damn cake 
7296 para mí, besto trilogía ever. 
7297 What a finale. Could be my favourite of the three films Although I watched the more recent coda cut. I felt a little mislead by the title. A fitting end that whole sequence in the opera was for tier Coppola. Highly recommend 
7298 no bc saying michael was always just “too traditional” in regards to him being against a incestuous relationship is insane 😭 
7299  The Godfather: Part III is a rather disappointing end to the iconic trilogy. While it looks like a Godfather movie, and sounds like a Godfather movie, it is far from the standard that Francis Ford Coppola set with his first two films. I think it might be slightly over hated - but, at the end of the day, this just wasn’t an enjoyable watch. Sofia Coppola’s performance fell so flat and was so disconnected to the film as whole. Not…  
7300 I mean, it's not Gone with the Pope, but it's still good. 
7301 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   An incredible finale to The Godfather trilogy. The Godfather Part 3 encapsulates so much of what I love about the first 2 and then adds even more to it.The portrayal of the Corleone family is more tragic than ever before. Michael is more powerful and wealthy then he ever could’ve imagined in The Godfather Part 1, but he has lost almost everyone (even his one living brother seems to have been erased from the timeline) and is overrun with…   
7302 This film would've been so much better without the incest. 
7303 yeah this films pretty good I guess, haven't seen it tho 
7304 Woulda been five stars if there was no uncomfortable incest 
7305  A 3 out of 5 from me usually signifies that it’s an ok film but coming from two of the greatest films of all time, a 3 out of 5 means this                                               ^                                        come on,       …  
7306 Não achei fraco da maneira que as pessoas sempre falam. É um filme excelente! O único erro, plausível para tirar meia estrela, é a Sofia Coppola. Mais uma atriz que tem a expressividade de uma esponja e ganhou MUITOS minutos de tela. Nota zero pra atuação dela.De qualquer forma, achei um ótimo encerramento. Nunca vou cansar de enaltecer Al Pacino (a cena da morte da Mary ele entregou tudo, mais uma vez).Obrigada pela companhia, Felipinho!!! Sou al paciner graças a voce 🙏 
7307 my disappointment is immeasurable and my day is ruined 
7308 Silsene knk 
7309 I'm sorry this has nothing to do with the movie but the cover always makes me laugh cuz it just looks like Al's boute to lay out the most fire roast 
7310 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Other than Sofia Coppola's awkwardness pouring into Mary's character, the movie was amazing. We can genuinely see Michael's remorse and regret over what he's done in the past. He wants to fix things and he tries but he knows he can't change what happened in the past. That's so realistic and so painful to watch, the entire time watching the movie I was wondering what events led to this, maybe if Apollonia or Sonny were alive or if Vito wasn't shot, things would have been different with Michael. It's sort of sad seeing Michael die all alone, a complete parallel to Vito.  
7311 Come on, y'all, it's not that bad of a movie. 
7312 2020 Coda Cut:" We used to make out when I was 15 and you were 8You'll have to be more specific I kissed a lot of 8 year olds"Francis Ford Coppola had 30 years to reflect on that line and still thinks it's goodFilming Apocalypse Now broke his brain 
7313 the opera scene could be a solo film 
7314  Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneIt's been 12 years since I last saw this film and I've only seen it once so I couldn't tell you the differences in the two cuts but what I can say; while I'm not the biggest fan of Part II in comparison to the first, though it is obviously excellent, if you take away the shitty romance between Mary and Vincenzo I'd put this on par with the 1974 sequel.The opera sequence,…  
7315 Watched the Coda cutStill the most entertaining of the trilogy by far imo. Parts one and two both have multiple moments where I'm like "how is there still an entire movie left" but not this one! Not gonna lie, if [redacted] hadn't happened, I totally would have watched a part four about Vincent and Mary. Who am I kidding though, I'd watch The Godfather part 12 about the rise of Michael Corleone's second cousin's nephew 
7316 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  So I forgot to log this last night, but Francis Ford Coppola you sly fox. SPOILER:THEY DONT EVEN SHOW THE “DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE”  
7317  I've been having a hard time giving some movies a star rating lately, and so I won't sometimes. Who cares, I don't have to be consistent. I don't have to follow your rules. To quote the Long Island Bagel Boy, "you're not God, or my father!"This movie's biggest crime is being kinda goofy. I can see a world where they kept making these and went the Die Hard route of just making them bigger and goofier. Godfather With a…  
7318 If only Madonna played Mary. The world would be a different place. Thank God Sophia became a Director. 
7319 The Godfather Part 3I have finished the Godfather trilogy. I must say it was brilliant. Part 3 is the conclusion to one of the greatest trilogies of all time.Going into part 3 I have heard not great things, and I was legitimately excited to watch it. Really this movie isn't as powerful as the other two, it chooses to focus The Pope & religious commitments.The movie definitely has its moments and I liked how they continued the story & the conclusion was satisfying. I don't get why some people hate this film, it's pretty good but not as powerful as the other two. 
7320 apparently fred fuchs helped produce this filmthat's funny but this film is still garbage 
7321  Peli 53Bueh, pues OCHO MESES después de revisar las 2 primeras, la he visto.Y no, no es tan buena y memorable como aquellas, está claro.Pero no creo que lo pretenda. Al fin y al cabo el único momento en el que quiere impactar, lo consigue...Tiene menos ambición, no le interesa contar algo tan potente, tan solo despedir a un icono como Michael Corleone. Y en eso es difícilmente mejorable. Le da el único final posible: 20…  
7322 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   First things first. Does The Godfather Part III have anything on its mammoth prequels? No.But is it such an abomination to the franchise that it should be all but denounced from canon? Hell, no!In all honesty, The Godfather Part III is a pretty good film which furthers the story of Michael Corleone and in fact, provides a very important conclusion to it. While Part II left us with an ambiguous ending which despite confirming Michael's ultimate corruption still…   
7323 You've seen parts one and two so you feel obliged to watch part three. Don't. 
7324 fully had to pause this to have a discourse on incest and baldness with george 
7325 Everyone who went to that opera was just trying to kill someone not a single person was there to hear my boy Antonio belt like an angel 
7326 Here again is a cinematic classic with a shocking amount of incest 
7327  So, How do you follow up back to back Best Pictures and arguably two of the greatest films of all time?...well, you don't, and while you may get points for trying, you probably should've left this one on the shelf.It's not a "bad" movie, it just feels out of place. I like that Coppola refers to it as the Epilogue to the other two. It's still a really good gangster movie, it's just not a great Godfather movie, and…  
7328 Zasa? How about Zaza 🍃 
7329 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️ 
7330 "Tough guys? I don't need more tough guys. I need lawyers."Sofia Coppola is so good in this film as a boring, empty, rich girl who wants to fuck her cousin for over 3 hours. The wasp-fi-cation of the Italian American. She walked so Emma Watson in The Bling Ring (haven't seen it) could run. Excellent Catherine Scorsese cameo. 
7331 Haters were wrong, this is great! Ending is unreal, that shot with no sound… 
7332  “Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment.”Watching the intro to this by Coppola himself really helped me get in the headspace for this. I’ve always heard that this is the “eyesore” of the trilogy. Now knowing that the intention of the movie is to be an Epilogue to the events of the first two films really puts this in perspective for me. It may not reach the heights of the other two films, but I don’t think it…  
7333 Paramount are cowards for not allowing this to be named Mario Puzo’s The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone 
7334 [theatrical cut] 
7335  Coda cut. Living up to the utter perfection of the first two entries might not have ever been truly possible, but Part III has always felt like an epilogue, in any cutting. FFC’s final cut of the film, appropriately dubbed a Coda, fixes many problems that plagued the theatrical cut. It wisely excises the “previously on”, tightens the pacing, and cuts Sofia Coppola’s performance to highlight the scenes more than the actress. Respect where it’s due, she isn’t great in…  
7336 no sofia coppola ayudando a directores independientes 😍 
7337  Watched as The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. To be honest it's been so long since I watched the original cut that I wasn't totally sure what the differences were—though the new opening scene goes a long well to help the viewer understand one of the stranger plotlines of these films (International IMMOBILARE!). It's probably been 15 years since I've seen this. I would have been in college and my memory was always that it wasn't as bad…  
7338 just finished watching the godfathers movies.. I’m speechless. best series of movies that i have ever watched in my entire life 
7339  If Godfather 3 is really one of the worst sequels of all-time, then The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone has to be the single greatest Director's Cut salvage job in film history.This is the film all you cineastes have been battering for 30 years?Look, no-one's saying we needed a third Godfather film. But we didn't need a second either. Godfather Part 2 uses its novel story-telling structure to tell...pretty much the same story as the first…  
7340 The Fuller House of mob movies. Too much forced nostalgia and Andy Garcia’s character was just out of place. Pacino was great as always and Diane Keaton was excellent as Kay, just as she was in part 2. 
7341 The first time around I only watched Pt I and II, refraining from watching III at the time because everyone told me it sucked. Now 14 years later I finally watched the whole trilogy and I very much enjoyed this as well. Maybe it’s the 2020 recut, maybe it’s my extremely long build-up of expecting the worst, or maybe it’s just Pacino being fucking fantastic. Better late than never, and a great way to close out the year! 
7342 Whilst not as strong as parts 1 and 2, the coda version of part 3 was still a fine film. A fascinating exploration of a much more mellow version of Michael, his regrets and surprisingly his remorse. “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in,” 
7343 sorry for being annoying butttt this is the best one in the trilogy minus the super weird incest subplot. forgoes the linear feeling of the first two for something less predictable, more encompassing, and frankly just better.also sofia coppola slayed y’all r just haters… 
7344  The Godfather Part 3Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneThe cinematic equivalent of Dad Rock.Admittedly, I’ve never been all that big on The Godfather movies. I see the craft, I hear the opera, I can smell the family style platters being lovingly prepared. It just isn’t my bag. This is probably the best version of the material (to date lol), but I’m not sure that says a whole lot. Garcia is too goofy and daughter Sofia is on…  
7345  Watched the 2020 ‘Coda’ cut on Channel 4 app. Whether this edit fixes anything I don’t know because it was a first time watch for me. A watch inspired by listening to Cine-Files (Steve and John) deep dive into Part II.This film would seem to get an unfair reputation. Sure it doesn’t scale the heights of the first two, but it’s still a good movie to me! Al Pacino is absolutely phenomenal. He doesn’t just bring older Al, he…  
7346  Watched the new Coda version. Definitely not as engaging as it's predecessors, and it's more on-the-nose (Michael *immediately* talks business after Kay lets him back into her heart) and melodramatic (Connie is walking around like a Disney evil Queen) than the first two entries. And there are some clunky moments like Michael surprising Kay in the car. Out of character much?But, still... it's as beautifully shot as the others and Pacino is just on another level here. Sofia isn't…  
7347  The Godfather Saga #3- The Fall Of Michael CorleoneNote: Review of the Coda director's recut, I am aware of the minimal but most definitely noteworthy and smart differences between the two. "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!" The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (I ain't spoiling it for yas internet that's what Coppola placed in the title of this version of the movie and what you will see before the first…  
7348 what i take from this classic trilogy is that sicilian REALLY like oranges 
7349 The lightest of the trilogy. The least emotional of the trilogy. The only one in the trilogy without Vito. A different Michael from the rest of the trilogyIn comparison to the other godfather films this loses every time. But let’s be honest, it wasn’t exactly bad either 
7350 I think it’s a great film about a Godfather, but not necessarily a great Godfather film 
7351  Michael Corleone: I feel... I'm getting wiser now.Kay Corleone: The sicker you get, the wiser you get, huh?Michael Corleone: When I'm dead, I'm gonna be really smart.I'm gonna start off by immediately addressing the elephant in the room: yes, I am aware that The Godfather: Part III is a massive downgrade from its predecessors. The Godfather and The Godfather: Part II are highly regarded as two of the greatest films ever made, sweeping every award show and…  
7352  - Der Pate - Epilog: Der Tod von Michael Carleone -Eigentlich wollte ich mir ja zuerst den originalen Schnitt vom Film ansehen, aber wie das Schicksal es so wollte, gab es nur diese neue Version auf Paramount+, welche ich mir nach der Erstsichtung der ersten beiden Teile nicht entgehen lassen durfe!Da ich also nur die diese Fassung sehen konnte, kann ich sie zwar nicht vergleichen, aber ich kann trotzdem der Meinung sein, dass es den Film zum einen…  
7353 Heartbreaking watch. The first two films are in my top 10 of all time, and going into this I was at least hoping for it to be good, but it ended up being exactly what I thought it would. Less of a Godfather sequel, and more of an adaptation, with glimpses of what could've genuinely been a great trilogy capper, but instead? We're stuck with a tame, disappointing ending to what could've been the greatest film trilogy of all time. It's unfortunate to say I gave up on it midway through, but it's simply the truth. 
7354 Actual dialogue from The Godfather: Part III. I wish this were a joke. It isn't.MARY: (played by the director's daughter) I was 8, you were 15.VINCENT: (Her character's cousin) I dunno, I had a lot of girlfriends when I was 15.MARY: 8-year-olds?VINCENT: Especially 8-year-olds. 
7355  I. LOVED. IT!!!!!! I didn't think I needed to watch it, but I'm glad I did cuz this was peak cinema to me. Maybe I AM tasteless, but I'm freeee. First of all: I gotta get it out of the way: the incest storyline was absolutely repulsive. Deserved every lashing it got and more. Every time it appeared on screen was just a huge ICK. Ew, ew, ew. I agree with the hivemind that Sofia Coppola was truly god-awful in…  
7356  Why did they even make this ? Francis Ford Cappella  should have  never even  made this movie. The  story is slow and boring,  the plot is very  weak. Too much is going  on !Omg Sofia Coppola it’s one of the worst performances I have ever seen,how do you go from to all time greats like the first 2 Godfather movies to this?I would not have this trilogy in my top 3 just because  of the third one. The positivity…  
7357  NOTE: This review, rating, and my rankings are for “CODA: The Death of Michael Corleone” cut of this picture. This is the preferred version that I recommend to everyone for watching this film.Well, that was… disappointing.You always hear about how The Godfather: Part III doesn’t live up to the original two films, but even with that in the back of your head going into this experience you still hope for the best… and still somehow wind up being…  
7358  "Tonight, the Corleone family settles its accounts."In 1979, Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) intends to buy the Vatican's shares of an international real estate company. He also has to deal with his rivals, his children and the illegitimate son of his late brother Sonny, the ambitious and impulsive Vincent Mancini (Andy Garcia) ...I watched the 'The Death of Michael Corleone' versionFrancis Ford Coppola's The Godfather: Part III (a recut version is also known as The Godfather Coda: The…  
7359 wow what a way to end a trilogy , Al Pacino deserves every award in my opinion 
7360 the great thing about the first two Godfathers is that they had a fantastic Tom Hagen to incest ratio (that is 1 full Tom Hagen : 0 incest). part iii... not so much 
7361 coppola casting his own daughter to play a character who has an incestuous relationship with her cousin was weird enough but imagine if he had cast nicolas cage instead of andy garcia... that would have been hilarious not gonna lie 
7362 I mean I don’t think it was THAT bad as others are saying, but it’s just not as iconic as the first two.Al Pacino’s acting however, is by far top notch in this, that I forgot everything else about the trilogy. 
7363 this film is so fucking funny. sofia coppola deserved an oscar for this not lost in translation!!! 
7364  Been putting this one off for a while because of how tepid everybody seemed about it (or downright vitriolic on Sofia Coppola‘s performance…) WELL in my flurry of threequel watches I changed course… and (of course) I ended up loving the movie. There are flaws, of which I’d attribute to the truncated production (Francis Ford Coppola had 12 months to write, direct, and edit the movie.) In regards to the most common criticism, Sofia, it makes more sense when you…  
7365 Media estrella por la escena de la confesión. 
7366 Literally why 
7367 imagine not liking this movie i will go down defending it 
7368 Watched the entire thing from the seat behind the man who was actually watching it and idgaf if people don’t like it I was thoroughly engaged despite only seeing half a screen and no sound 
7369 Il n'égale pas les deux autres mais reste vraiment très bien . 
7370 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Está muito longe de ser um filme ruim, porém esse daqui passa, e passa MUITO longe dos outros dois da trilogiaFilme perdido, tenta dar um passo maior que a própria perna falando de muita coisa e não se aprofundando em nada. Dormi 2 vezes tentando ver isso daqui.Ele tenta fazer com que o Vicent se torne um novo Michael Corleone, inclusive com um arco final parecido com o que acontece no final de Poderoso Chefão I, com ele…   
7371 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  A ruína do homem que preferiu ser temido do que ser amado, como seu paiAmei os paralelos  
7372 Pretty embarrassing, biggest issue is that they clearly wanted this to be long for the sake of being a Godfather film when the story just doesn't warrant it at all, the opera scene in the 3rd act genuinely takes the piss with how much its drawn out. Francis Ford Coppola didn't lose all of his talent though, so this still manages to be somewhat enjoyable and not terrible like some others say, but I get why everyone wants to just forget this ever existed. 
7373 not a bad movie…just don’t understand why she was so obsessed w her cousin😭 
7374 I know I was gonna take a year long break from Godfather content but I just couldn’t stay away 
7375 Look how they massacred my boy! 
7376 I'd love to be one of those sickos that defends this movie but the haters really aren't exaggerating about Sofia Coppola's acting in this 
7377 Underwhelming. A caricature. Hollow.Also, will never look at gnocchi the same way again. 
7378 “The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone” is an improvement on the original cut in almost every way. It’s very much the same film, and it still has many of the same flaws, but it now feels tonally closer to the other films in this trilogy.The only change that made me scratch my head a little bit is what Coppola did to the ending. But I also kind of liked it. 
7379 particularmente culpo a sofia coppola 
7380 the opera sequence was insane! holy! 
7381 I liked the bit where Al Pacino was shouting at thunder. Some other bits too. But mostly that. 
7382 Watched this late last night and forgot to log it because I fell asleep. Oops The godfather pat 3 feels like the middle child everyone just likes to pretend it doesn’t exist. 
7383 very unjustifiable hate 
7384 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in."The Godfather: Part 3 is definitely very disappointing in comparison to the first two films. But I still found it to be mostly entertaining and an overall decent end to the trilogy. Now I will start out by addressing the obvious issues this movie has. Probably the most popular one being Sofia Coppola's acting. And yeah, it's not good. I didn't mind the character of Mary, but the…   
7385  a big part of me wishes this movie was never made because oh well obvious reasons major one is Sofia Coppola. when she said “dad?” as she died i felt nothing. (the rush of emotion came after al pacino’s great performance but that’s besides the point) alongside the incest subplot…no only setting up your daughter of poor acting in such big trilogy last film but having her character be in a relationship with her cousin? terrible. this movie felt like it…  
7386  Simplesmente injustiçado. Acho que o pior problema desse filme é ter que continuar 2 filmaços absurdos. E quando tu bota esse filme perto dos outros dois não da nem pro cheiro. Mas ainda sim ta longe de ser um filme ruim. Tem seus bons momentos mas também tem seus grandes erros (como a personagem da filha dele, que falar mal dela é bater em cachorro morto). Ainda assim acredito que ele consegue manter o charme de poderoso chefão, tendo ainda…  
7387 biggest girl flop of the century (Michael Corleone) 
7388 The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (2020)I literally would have killed to see Nicolas Cage as Vinny, but then again, it would be weird as fuck to see two real cousins kiss, what the fuck was that subplot Francis?AND STOP PUTTING ORANGES EVERYWHERE 
7389  16 años después de El padrino II, Coppola vuelve con una tercera parte que cierre la que siempre fue la historia de Michael Corleone.Llegando a la vejez, Michael ha estado separando a la familia de los negocios criminales, intentando dejar un legado limpio y legítimo. Pero no será fácil, ya que ahora se encuentra en el mundo de la política y la iglesia, que son incluso peores. A nivel de reparto, se nota la ausencia de Robert Duvall y…  
7390 Wird zu unrecht gehasst. Hatte jetzt im Kino sehr viel Spaß. Die ganze Sequenz am Ende ist einfach so gut. 
7391 Rating is for the re-edited version released in 2020, called ‘Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone’. 
7392 Had low expectations for this and was still left disappointed. How did things ever get so far? 
7393  (Note: I watched "Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: The Death Of Michael Corleone")The fact that people really think that this film is bad is beyond me, of course, it has a slew of flaws, but you can't forget all the strong points. I have only seen this film once, and I've never seen this new cut but this version is certainly better.One of my favorite things about the trilogy is all the Shakespearean stuff, and I think this…  
7394  Instead of the theatrical cut this time, I decided on watching The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, and despite the long-winded title switch, this cut is very minimal in terms of changes. It does, however, make the pacing of the entire film much better by reordering certain scenes, shortening some and just outright removing others. A lot of this does help bring the runtime down to a better length which is appreciated, especially since the original does start…  
7395  Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.Before I start I just want to make it clear I watched the theatrical cut as opposed to Coda, but I do plan on watching that in the future. That being said, I understand why people don't like this one, even though I do think there's a lot to love here. It's by far the weakest of the trilogy in every aspect, and feels completely unnecessary after how…  
7396 it’s not that bad it’s just terrible compared to the previous ones. i’m a sucker for al and diane’s scenes in sicily unfortunately 
7397 When only one person seems to understand that incest between first cousins is not a love story, it's just wrong. 
7398 Nachdem ich nun selbst in das letzte Drittel meines Lebens einbiege, verstehe ich immer mehr warum The Godfather III nur noch wenig an die ersten beiden von Kraft und Sexappeal nur so strotzenden Teilen erinnert. So ist es halt, das Leben! 
7399 Give me Marty Scorsese's lovely mother cameo in every gangster movie or give me death 
7400 definitely would’ve been fine without the incest.. 
7401  I watched the Coda version. It's shorter and a bit more concise. I got to understand it a bit better than the original version.People talked a lot about how Sofia was what "ruined" this movie. I won't put all the blame on her but in the hands of a better actress, Mary Corleone would've had a bit more depth to her other than "spoiled, little girl" maybe...? Or was it a problem with the script? I can't quite put…  
7402  My Informal Thoughts on The Godfather Coda:  It has been a few years since my last viewing of The Godfather: Part III, so I cannot give you specifics on what it is different. Frankly, I have tried to forget the 1990 sequel——a relatable passion for many Godfather fans. Since I revisited the first two films, I thought, “Maybe Coppola recut and improved The Godfather: Part III?” While The Godfather Coda is less embarrassing, it is still a ridiculous, shallow,…  
7403 1991 Director’s CutSo the additional 8/9 minutes in this version, the cut I’m most familiar with, does enhance the overall impact of the movie for me. A handful of establishing shots helps the flow of the film whilst additional moments of dialogue and narrative, notably involving ‘Michael’ and his children, provides a deeper perspective of both their relationships and those of the main characters. Watching both the theatrical release and director’s cut back sets up The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (2020) nicely, which I’m looking forward to seeing even more now.1st Review (1991 Director’s Cut)2nd Review (Theatrical Release) 
7404 This is one of those movies I want to like so bad, and there’s not really much super wrong with it but after having seen the first two and feeling the power those hold, this seems to fall flat in many aspects. Still has so nice parts tho, and even tho we’re left at pretty much the exact spot we left Michael at the end of this as we left him The Godfather Part II, this does conclude the trilogy completely. 
7405 boring but enjoyably so…how can i make you understand this… 
7406 84/100“Just when i thought i was out, they pull me back in”•Holy fuck is this film a mess 😭going from part II to this film it’s so ass wtf was up with the incest shit bro like are u serious ☠️☠️☠️☠️also film gets many points taken bc of how shit Sofia Coppolas acting is jesus christ Al Pacino ofc hard carried  
7407 took a break halfway through to try to figure out the coppola family tree and i got a headache 
7408 Ese grito de Pacino del final no se me olvida mas. 
7409  Vincent, will you SHUT UPI do really like the part where Tony’s character bites the guy’s ear in the opera and then it cuts to Vinny chuckling. Also Tony ATE. What an opera star. The use on tension in the last 20-30 minutes? So good. Listen, it’s a good movie. And Andy Garcia is sexy. And what an absolutely stunning ending. On the steps. The TRAGEDY!!! YALL ATE!!! I’m simply obsessed. I was thinking “why would they need to…  
7410 Michael Corleone hears The Godfather song and cries 
7411 TitleCoda: The Death of Michael CorleoneReleased2020SummaryThe 30th anniversary shorter 158 minutes release of the original. Reedited and reissued by director Francis Ford Coppola under the intended title Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. Coppola calls it his definitiv and intended version being a epilogue instead of a sequel. 
7412  Original rating: 6/10.So, I did rewatch the other two Godfather films recently in the past couple of weeks but I didn't review them as I only review rewatches if I end up changing my rating.The first two are obviously fantastic and I remembered them being fantastic back when I last watched them about 9 or so years ago. This one, however, I remember not being anywhere near is good, and the general consensus seems to think the same…  
7413  I went in hoping to find another misunderstood and underrated 3rd entry like Halloween 3 or The Exorcist III, but this trilogy-capper lived up to its bad reputation. On its own in isolation, it's merely mediocre, but compared to the other two Godfather films, it's hot garbage, and Pacino isn't really even playing the same character. I never needed to see Michael Corleone gobbling down candy bars or see Francis Ford Coppola make his daughter who cannot act star in…  
7414  This is Francis Ford Coppola’s recent re-cut of his “GODFATHER III”, and it’s Awesome. Watch it for sure.If you know, you know, but most mofos say that this third take in this series was inferior to the previous two, made so many years before this one. But i gotta say, i dig it. It’s literally a CODA in this form. It’s an encapsulation, with perhaps some recapitulation, of the major themes and driving forces of this entire epic story,…  
7415 gilf michael corleone… that’s cinema 
7416  esse é bem diferente dos outros dois em todos os aspectos.começando pelo michael, nesse filme ele tá muito diferente, tá muito mais vulnerável, achei que nunca ia ver esse homem chorar e sorrir na vida gente fiquei chocada quando isso aconteceu nesse filme. na história tem coisas que não me agradou diferente dos outros dois por exemplo aquele sobrinho dele, foi muito aleatório pra mim não gostei e sinceramente muito aleatório o mike dar poder pra ele assim do…  
7417 Ya sabía que todo el mundo dice que es la más inferior de la trilogía, y si… Pero ps igual es muy buena, y de las más entretenidasAl Pacino te amo muchoFrancis Ford Coppola eres un ÍDOLO Gran cast, Sofia Coppola, Talia Shire y el Vicenzo, grandesQue hermosa trilogía 
7418 seeing al pacino silently scream in agony just made me fall to my knees. his performance in this really bookends the trilogy so nicely. laser-focused on his age, and how you know he wants out of the gangster life but just can't seem to catch a break. it hurts your heart in the end, but it's supposed to.i think i understand why most people really despise this third part, but i just can't help but love it (even if it isn't anywhere near the first two). 
7419 This new cut is an improvement but it does little to actually change the overall feelings I have about this film. The changes work but they’re not vast improvements to bump this up a whole star or even half. Good movie but this still insanely messy. God does it look amazing in 4K though. 
7420  Ok yeah I get it now, this is the bad one. It's not terrible, but as the finale to the Godfather trilogy it's very disappointing. The film still looks pretty, the returning actors from the previous entries are great, the soundtrack is there, but the script itself, whoo boy.It's just an unnecessary coda, with no momentum and a shitty third act. Also yeah Sofia Coppola is not very good. P.S. I saw the MARIO PUZO'S THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE…  
7421 LO MANTENGO, este película tiene el mejor final de una pelicula en ma historia 
7422 While I agree with some of the complaints this sequel has, this is still my favorite of the series as it deals with Michael losing control and understanding the consequences of being The Godfather. 
7423 The death of Michael Corleone Cut.Jeżeli średnio lubicie ten film w wersji kinowej, to polecam obejrzeć sobie ten cut który jest tą wersją jaką Copolla i Puzo chcieli zrobić od początku i to widać i czuć. Wspaniały choć najslabszy w trylogii, ale teraz tylko ciut odstaje od poprzedników 
7424 Um Bom fechamento da franquia, mas o pior dela de longe 
7425 If Godfather 3 gets made into a play would the play be apart of the play? 
7426 Sofia Coppola's performance really lived up to the hype. It felt like watching someone who showed up with no idea what movie she was in to fill in for a cold reading having never read the lines before. 
7427  The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneJa der Film hat seine Probleme und steht natürlich im Schatten seiner zwei meisterlichen Vorgänger, aber als Epilog (so wie er ja jetzt gedacht ist) funktioniert er sehr gut und hat seine Daseinsberechtigung.Es ist schon eine Weile her seit ich den Film zuletzt gesehen habe, aber nach allem was ich noch weiß gefällt mir der neue Anfang und das neue Ende besser.So sehr ich Sofia Coppola als Regisseurin schätze (schon…  
7428 If the worst movie in your trilogy is this good you’re probably doing just fine 
7429  “In today's world, the power to absolve debt is greater than the power of forgiveness.” - Archbishop GildayNot like the others, but Part 3 is still a good movie.The performances were good. Al Pacino really showed his development for Michael. Also, his silent scream of agony and loss when Mary died, really convinced me. The other actors in that scene showed such emotion that really convinced me that she was died. Truly brilliant. Andy Garcia was fantastic. Sofia Coppola is…  
7430 Kay’s dread sets the tone. Connie Corleone lived such a rich and interesting life 
7431 Sofia Coppola made The Bling Ring, has she not earned the right to shag her cousin if she wants to? 
7432 By far the best out of the 3, what an ending! 
7433 🍊🍊🍊 
7434 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   In 1973, despite Cabaret sweeping for most of the night, it didn’t end up winning the Oscar for Best Picture by the end. It ended up losing to The Godfather, the first part of what would go on to become regarded as one of the greatest cinematic trilogies ever made. A massive, sprawling crime epic, unlike any ever previously made, it was the start of something truly unique and special. Two years later, The Godfather Part II did more than…   
7435 Elevated by an outstanding ending. 
7436 They said the godfather is actually only two parts why are people saying is three lol x Incest and the opera, what more could I ask for from the godfather!! 😛 
7437 It’s not a bad film whatsoever, it’s just a let down. I wanted so much more than this after watching the first two and it let me down. Performances were great, writing was great, overall it just wasn’t the same. 
7438 At this moment I feel no love for you at all 
7439  This watch was forTHE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEThis recut and restructuring of the 1990 original is a strong improvement for clarifying the story beats and helping to strengthen the daughter and cousin relationship BUT it doesn't change the pulpy histrionic energy on play here, which is what I disliked when I first saw it in 1990.I don't like the Papal narrative device and I disagree that decades of Michael's guilt and grief are dealt…  
7440  Hoo boy, this movie sucks... It has moments of an emotional core starting with Michael confessing his sins to the priest and breaking down into tears, and a few smaller moments in between. The plot feels too convoluted and drenched in boring politics and business talk.This movie follows a similar structure to the first two installments, with a party/event used to establish character dynamics, a climax involving Michael’s enemies being vanquished all at once, and a lot of visual…  
7441  Finally it’s the one that many people bash on. After watching it, it isn’t as bad as people claim it to be. Yes the story overall is inferior to the two entires before it but I think it wrapped the trilogy the best way possible. Al Pacino carries the film as Michael as he struggles to come to terms with his sins and carrying on the mantle as godfather. The score and cinematography is strong here and the supporting cast…  
7442 michael be like i can excuse incest but i draw the line at my daughter being involved in our crime syndicate 
7443 incest ultimately results in bad luck, but only for women. nothing is more italian than misogyny. 
7444  Now we at the End of The Godfather Trilogy With the Most Controversial Film in it. "The Godfather Part 3" This Film Genered Alot of Division And Mixed Reviews about it. Some people call it Good but not as it's Antecessors, some Call it a Terrible Movie, Others A Dissapointin and Other people say That it was really Good. In My Opinion? This Movie was Weak, Weak in not in the Sense of bad. Weak in the sense of could…  
7445  minha experiência com a trilogia:não sou muito fã desse tipo de filme super endossado na narrativa, então procurei me atentar mais ao círculo de personagens e seus respectivos papéis em cada trama, fato que me surpreendeu bastante pois até os personagens menores despertaram meu interesse, excetuando a grande família Corleone1° Filme - sinto que foi bastante introdutório em relação ao Michael, focado na transição dele como personagem padrão para primoroso, um chefe da máfia propriamente subentendida que neste…  
7446  I'll be honest, my new TV was delivered right in the middle of watching this. I paused and set the whole thing up to play the rest of the movie and was distracted by the added screen resolution. This mostly proved to be a problem because the plot got pretty convoluted toward the end and the Vatican characters were too interchangeable for me to follow along raptly. I really didn't notice any issues with Sofia's performance and mostly just appreciated…  
7447 The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone 
7448 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I hate the way this movie paints the Catholic church as some sort of corrupt, greedy, money made organisation. My local church could barely string enough money together for a new marble statue of Mary. They had to up the heaven entry fee just to afford it.73/100  
7449 I think most of the hate generated toward this movie spawns from how good the previous 2 movies are. However, if you take this for what it is, there is quite a bit to enjoy. Of course there are several issues though and some I dislike some story choices. As a whole this is a perfectly average movie and if you are holding off watching it because of your love for the previous 2 then I still urge you to sit through all 170 minutes as there will most definitely be something to love. 
7450  Well, shoot. This movie is going to be hard to review. When I was in high school, I watched part one & two, loving both. I then started watching part three shortly after in school on my iPod, but never finished it. Every time after that I watched part one & two, didn’t even think about coming back to part three to finish. That is until this time around with rewatching part two. Just since I want to watch all of Francis…  
7451 “I Don’t Fear You, Michael. I Just Dread You.”Coda is definitely the best way to watch Part 3, but even with its improvements, it can’t hide the mess this film is. So many weird decisions and moments, but the core of the film is the highlight. It sticks the ending hard, Al Pacino and other actors save this film, and if they just replace Vincent’s story of becoming the new leader with Michael’s son it would have made such a big improvement.If there’s one thing I can say about Coda is that it lives up to its title of The death of Michael Corleone. 
7452 imagine how much it would suck to play mary corleone… all these hot dilfs and you have to act RELATED to them ☹️☹️☹️ 
7453 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   If you watch intense crime movies saying it's so camp, these crazy rich italians need a lot of therapy, misogyny is kind of fruity bc why are these mafia bosses favouring men over women etc. they are actually 10x more fun to watch. Also, this isn't 'bad' as everyone says like the themes of catholicism, capitalism (specifically in regard to it catching up with Michael Corleone), sacrifice and family all create this sort of morbid look upon the reality these…   
7454 (Tras ver el remontaje titulado "Coda: The death of Michael Corleone".)Cuando el título de una película necesita de puntos y comas, dos puntos y comillas para escribirse, mal asunto...En serio, Francis, déjalo estar. No te quedó tan bien como las otras, ya está, admítelo y deja la peli tranquila. Disfruta tu jubilación, tómate un vino. Tu hija te lo agradecerá. Por parafrasear a aquel sabio detective asiático: "este remontaje es como televisión en luna de miel: innecesario". 
7455  so i finally rewatched the godfather trilogy, this movie is not a masterpiece or any close to the first two movies but its still a very good movie, al pacino is great here, vincent's character is probably my favorite thing in the movie.now the bad things:the plot was messy near the ending and i couldnt understand most of it, sofia coppola, please do not act in other movies, and also this is not such a good ending to…  
7456 Big deja vu feelings watching this, thought I hadn't seen it but maybe I had...liked it a lot more than expected given the reputation.Another case of watching the end credits and going that person was in it? I didn't notice them? (edit) I had George Hamilton and George Kennedy mixed up in my head... 
7457 theres some scenes here that got me thinking i was watching a rom-com movie.. its the fucking Godfather.. why’d you all tryna make us fall in love? 
7458 another coppola commentary!repeats a decent amount of stuff said in commentaries for 1 and especially 2, but who could blame him? it's pretty hard to talk for over 9 hours about essentially the same thing without repeating yourself.the best stuff is when he breaks down the way michael (and pacinos performance) destroys audience expectations of and desires for a godfather movie. while none in the trilogy will ever be among my favorite movies (or even my favorite coppola movies), that's the main reason i like this better than the second one. also cause the ending rules. one of my favorite final shots. 
7459 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneI went into this with low expectations so I’m not as disappointed as I thought I’d be. Straight away it was obvious that this was a complete different film from the previous 2. The tone and atmosphere felt way off. Also, the dialogue was absolutely nowhere near the levels of the previous two.The new characters introduced were no good and I didn't really care about any of them. It was just…   
7460 I'm actually a big fan of the execution of this movie I think its actually super funny I like the vibes 
7461 A plane crash of epic proportions.‘The Godfather’ : PART III is a horrible and disgraceful way to end an iconic and amazing story. This does not feel like a Godfather film, not even slightly. What happened to what these films were known for? Bad acting, a mediocre storyline that’s mostly about love, assassination, and finance of all things, and characters that nobody cares for.Utter ass! 
7462 Was “dangerous” really the only adjective they could find to describe Mary and Vincent’s incestuous relationship? 
7463 extra half star for scorsese’s mom 
7464  Nice try but this film is still a convoluted mess. The plot is so hard to follow and the characters do not make sense.  I especially do not understand why Michael would trust Vincent at all or let him into his family. He explodes into a violent rage constantly and refuses to stop making out with his cousin, yet Michael keeps touting him as his successor. This guy coldly had his own brother killed for being a dunce but he’ll…  
7465  80/100Esta es la condición humana, también conocida como la inevitable tragedia humana. Todo lo que experimentamos y acumulamos finalmente desaparece, seguido por nuestro propio ser.La única defensa es entender que tenías esas experiencias y que a menudo fueron profundamente conmovedoras en ese momento, o te enseñaron algo en ese momento, o te dieron destellos de trascendencia en ese momento. En resumen, hubo muchas cosas que fueron buenas por breves períodos.Los destellos de trascendencia los veo como el…  
7466  In the Coda cut, Francis Ford Coppola has an introductory segment talking to the camera, where he explains the "Coda" name reflects the film being a summing up of the themes and ideas of the previous two films. I felt a pang of doubt when I heard this - aren't those films themselves the complete statement of their ideas? If you're retracing those concepts, aren't you just retreading the same path, rather than carrying the audience to new places?The…  
7467 Cierre perfecto para esta gran trilogía 
7468  Part 3 continues the tragedies of the Corleone family. 'Every time I think I am out of this mess, they pull me back in' Micheal says this after the attack. Part 3 is pretty much about this. As we witnessed in Part 2 Micheal is trying hard to legalise the family business. It follows the story of the family almost 6-8 years later and yet again starts with a party.Coppola and his fascination with introducing characters at a party.…  
7469 If only we had gotten the Sylvester Stallone version with Eddie Murphy and John Travolta, we can only dream 😔 
7470  What an embarrassment to two of the greatest films ever made. This film is significantly different than the other two for several reasons- first of all, the first two are about power and its consequences but this one is about forgiveness. Diane Keaton and Al Pacino were great as always. But the best acting comes from the amazing Andy Garcia. He’s by far the best part of the film. Then there’s Sofia Coppola. While people have said some atrociously harsh things about…  
7471 Fuck me Al Pacino 🥺 
7472  So it’s not as good as it’s predecessors, but I wouldn’t call this a bad film. Al Pacino is phenomenal. The A plot about Michael is great and works as a good end to the trilogy. Andy Garcia is great and does a good job with his role. I don’t hate Sofia Coppola, however she has some oof moments. The cousin-relationship subplot is awful and the only awful thing in this movie. On the whole, it’s not a bad movie,…  
7473 this one is not that bad. it’s less darker than the previous twos, still some scenes were good 
7474  I kind of liked this. I can understand the disappointment that this isn't a curtain call for the bigger cast of the first two movies, but it's a smaller story of Michael and his immediate family decades after those first movies. Sofia Coppola really isn't all that bad, she just has a very different energy than Al Pacino that is obvious in their one early scene together, then she spends the rest of the movie with characters that are more…  
7475 An interesting installment of the Al Pacino-Disappointedly-Puts-Face-In-Hands cinematic universe 
7476  Track with me...Well. It finally happened. I FINISHED MY WATCHLIST!!!Did said watchlist occupy and unhealthy amount of time and mental space in my mind for the past 8 years? Without a doubt. But it’s done. My pilgrimage is over. Alexa cue “Take Me Home” by Phil Collins. ~Now, for the actual review...It’s really not that bad! I’m heard so many people trash on this film and it’s certainly underwhelming and Sofia’s acting is BROKE (I swear,…  
7477  Theatrical CutWithout a shadow of a doubt, this is the weakest film in the trilogy, though I hesitate to say that it's as awful as it's detractors make it out to be.It seems much more focused on being a character piece or an epilogue for Michael Corleone than it is on being another chapter in the saga. As much of the story is fixated around his deteriorating health, the guilt of killing his brother, and most importantly wanting…  
7478  Just rewatched this one as The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. Other than shifting some scenes around, it’s pretty much the same movie.  The Godfather Part III gets its bad reputation for two main reasons. First the sadly abysmal performance by Sofia Coppola. I love that she’s bounced back so beautifully as a great writer and director. I would have hated her work as Mary Corleone to be her legacy. Secondly it lives in the enormous shadow of…  
7479 so no one is going to talk about the fact that the parties, ceremonies, and other events were always on point??? it was the only thing that was consistent in this trilogy lol 
7480 hoy terminé de rever la mejor trilogía de la historia y cerré con la nueva versión de esta parte tres; qué bien me hizo, qué hermosas son las películas, el cine en sí; qué puedo decir yo que ya no se haya dicho sobre el padrino?me re contra voy a las trompadas con los que sostienen que sofia y andy arruinaron la película 
7481  "Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in."I had this amazing idea that I started watching with the original version at the same time. But I didn't think about the sound, so I canceled this very good idea. 🙄 Maybe next time! I waited this excitedly and slightly nervously. I definitely wanted to see what the Master did with his film after 30 years. I have a hard time writing about it because this film…  
7482 Andy garcia acts like Hayden Christiansen in this and its very distractingThis movie occupies such a weird space in cinema. The previous two are near flawless masterpieces and then corporate greed and FFC being broke lead to this. But how can it be such a step down? What lead to this its insane to even think about 
7483  Watched the Coda: Yeah it’s more streamlined, but Godfather 3 was nether a great, and frankly not good movie. The acting and plot just can’t be magically made good because of editing. While the acting for several cast members had problems, It really all comes back to the plot, both in concept and execution. No idea was the right one. The fall of Michael isn’t the worst idea ever, and I understand that this film is over hated, but not…  
7484  LA TRÁGICA MUERTE DE MICHAEL CORLEONEAntes de empezar, debo dejar en claro que la versión analizada es la CODA. Esto es necesario porque la opinión de cada quién depende de cuál versión de la película vean y cómo la interpreten. Queda a su discreción. En caso que lo estén preguntando, la versión original tiene una calificación de 3.5.Era obvio que cualquier cosa que viniera después de 2 obras maestras tan sólidas y tan aclamadas no iba a cumplir…  
7485 Doesn’t quite have the high highs of the first two, and Sofia is unfortunately as bad as I’d remembered, but it’s a solid and beautifully lensed movie with a handful of great scenes, and getting the extra quality time with Michael and Kay is absolutely worth the price of admission. 
7486 Good ending but when you make two flawless movies and the third has some clear flaws (I’m looking at you incest side plot) it’s gonna get hate. I do think in the future I’d just watch Part I and Part II as a duology. 
7487 the Barbie product placement was a distraction from the incest 
7488 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Es peligroso ser un hombre honesto.O convertirse en un hombre honesto después de haber sido el capo más poderoso en la mafia. El Padrino III es conocida por ser la más floja de la trilogía y creo que entiendo porque, la historia pierde un poco ese sentido que gira alrededor de Michael todo el tiempo, me parece que la historia involucra demasiado a la iglesia y el asesinato del papa resulta innecesario, bien esa historia puede contarse a parte,…   
7489 the shortest AND the longest movie of the trilogy simultaneously. that’s v impressive 
7490 Andy García and Sofia Coppola are just so adorable... 
7491 Never had I actually seen the epic conclusion to this trilogy before until now. I wasn’t really looking forward to watching it but I felt like I had to see it at least once. I see myself rewatching the first two multiple times but will probably never watch this again. It’s so damn boring and pointless. Not very interesting at all and I just don’t care. After watching all 3 of them back to back, this looks like complete dogshit in comparison. Not the worst movie ever made though. Despite being the shortest it feels the longest in the trilogy 
7492 Sofia Coppola looks like she doesn't want to be in there. 
7493  Yeah, this wasn't it.This was way less interesting and tense as its predecessors. Living up to either of them is a hard task, of course, but this film fell short even on a basic level, in terms of pacing, story, and even dialogue at times.The acting was either great (Pacino, Keaton) or okay (Coppola was bad, but I don't think all the criticism is warranted). I liked Andy Garcia on this as well. The story though is just…  
7494  It’s clearly not up to par with the other two films... but, oddly, it’s Al Pacino’s best performance as Michael Corleone?  In the other two movies he is so reptilian and soulless; here he is aging and tired, facing a lifetime of sins, desperate to get out of his life of crime.  From that standpoint, the majority of the Michael scenes are terrific.On the other hand, Sofia Coppola is... miscast here at best. Her acting is not great. The…  
7495 Nepotism: the movie 
7496 this movie looks like it perpetually takes place at 5 pm 
7497  The Godfather: Part III (1990) or Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (2020) is definitely the worst part in the series but still not bad at times. I watched the original cut and the new cut released in 2020 and I have to say that even though they weren’t too different from each other, they felt so different. Where The Godfather: Part III fails is where The Godfather, Coda shines. The opening to the original cut…  
7498  Can't tell if it was either the recut or that maybe it's just that I haven't seen this film in a long time but I found Part III to be quite a decent experience. It still pales in comparison to the first two masterpieces and I still could've done without Sofia Coppola (much better as a director), but this Coda version does a good job fleshing out Michael Corleone and the inner-workings of his mafia family and I enjoyed the…  
7499  « The Godfather, Coda: the Death of Michael Corleone - 2020 »Excellente première heure, deuxième heure qui alterne entre scènes longues et enjeux souvent illisibles, et dénouement d’une puissance folle.Michael Corleone perd méchamment de sa superbe mais Andy Garcia incarne un excellent Vincent qui offrira selon moi au film ses plus beaux moments de grâce, en mettant de côté une Sofia Coppola aussi nulle en actrice qu’en réalisatrice par la suite. Le travail de mise en scène est…  
7500 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I got duped into watching the new version that just came out after hearing it was a completely different experience. It wasn't. There were tiny tweaks throughout but nothing that fixed what didn't work the first time. The scenes in Sicily always had charm and feel right, but overall it's a soapy hodgepodge and an obvious cash grab. Apparently Pacino never felt his character would ever try to redeem himself but took the money anyway. The result is a hammy…   
7501 (This is a review for The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, not the original version)This movie surprised me a bit. It was pretty alright. Compared to the first two, it's not very good, and it's cheesy with some pretty bad acting, but it still keeps the same feel of the godfather films, and is a relatively satisfying end to the trilogy. 
7502  "I swear on the lives of my children: Give me a chance to redeem myself, and I will sin no more."(CODA cut)Still functionally the same movie it always was with all the same problems (and no I'm not talking about Sofia here lol, she isn't good but if the rest-of-movie were as good as the first two no one would care, leave her be), the story doesn't quite feel complete without Robert Duvall and this doesn't really hit…  
7503  All I've heard my whole life is that Sofia Coppola ruined this franchise. I wanted to see for myself before watching the new Godfather Coda. To me, it seems evident that the script and pacing betrays the actors, particularly Coppola and Andy Garcia. Mary and Vincent's arcs are rushed and incomplete, diluting the emotional impact of the ending. I appreciate Francis Ford Coppola's honest assessment: Sofia took the bullet for him.But flashes of the old magic still peak through.…  
7504 Imagine how good this would have been if Winona played Mary Corleone! 
7505  Watched the new edit. I've always dug Godfather 3. It doesn't come close to the greatness of the first 2, but it's a solid movie on it's own. I'm giving the new edit the same score, but I do think this is a big improvement over the theatrical version. It's a little shorter. The story flows better with some of the rearranged scenes, especially the scene that now opens the movie. It makes way more sense to jump right to…  
7506 just when i thought i was out, they pull me back in! (except for the part where sofia coppola and andy garcia have that weird passionless kiss to miracle man by elvis costello, i’m out on that) 
7507  Opened 30 years ago today, which also marks 30 years of everyone bitching about Sofia Coppola's performance. She's bad, but it's not her fault. She never should've been there in the first place. To state the obvious, this isn't anywhere near the level of its two predecessors, it suffers from the absence of Robert Duvall, and after seeing it multiple times over the last few decades, I still don't give the slightest shit about goddamn Immobiliare. But it's nice to…  
7508 coppola edited everything except his daughter’s bad acting 
7509  4.0/5.0 = AmazingI don't remember how old I was the last time I saw Coppola's final entry into his mobster saga. I remember seeing all three films back to back as a kid, and that my father actually really hyped me up for the climactic opera steps scene of the third film, but as the years went by and I drank the "THE GODFATHER: PART III sucks" kool-aid, I didn’t return to it, albeit never having disliked the experience…  
7510 Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneThere are a few scenes swapped around and a few little cuts here and there but I couldn't really tell the difference from the original Godfather Part III, which I always liked a lot. The title makes it clearer that this was an epilogue rather than the third part of a trilogy, but Coppola also, ironically, puts back the original title 'The Death of Michael Corleone' while taking out the scene of his actual death. 
7511  Just when I thought I was out...they PULL me back in.O final da trilogia de Francis Ford Coppola pode não ser uma unanimidade, mas pelo menos para mim é um final bem digno para trilogia. The Godfather Part III é de fato inferior aos antecessores. É louvável que mesmo após tanto tempo, Coppola conseguiu trazer grande parte do elenco e equipe de volta. Então temos o retorno de grande parte do elenco como Al Pacino e Diane Keaton, além…  
7512 I'm still not on board with the minor subplots, but I can't deny that Coda is the superior, more focused version - and the true epilogue this story has needed for years. So glad Coppola was able to get this out.Makes a very nice companion piece to last year's The Irishman. 
7513  The Godfather CodaThis was always a good movie to be quite frank and really this doesn't change a ton accept make it flow so much better which is enough of a plus to warrant its existence. The complaints on this, while totally valid, I do think overlook the fact that Coppola touches on some really chilling personal crisis that one reaches towards the end of their lives and the more overt tackling of economics and religion is riveting. Not…  
7514 I never hated the original, but this makes a few editorial clarifications and improvements — I only wish Coppola had more ruthless in the cutting room. This could’ve been even shorter. And for the record, criticism of Sofia’s performance is largely overstated. Like the original version, there are moments of brilliance, moments of mediocrity, and an overall feeling that it was rushed out the door. But still, a slight improvement. 
7515 Not bad for a fitting conclusion of the GODFATHER saga, fifteen years after the sequel was made. In THE GODFATHER III, Don Corleone plans an agreement with several crime organizations and the Corleone clan became a suspect of a setup. The Vatican was entangled in one of the most interesting subplots and the appearance of Sofia Coppola as Corleone's daughter, was maligned by most critics. Anticipating for the new reeedit one THE GODFATHER CODA. 
7516 Review for The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone.A shorter movie, better movie, still weird incest bullshit but it's a huge improvement on Godfather 3. 
7517 Kopola me je naterao da isti film gledam dvaput u razmaku od tri meseca i "novom verzijom filma" mi nije ponudio ništa, ovo je praktično isti film. 
7518 The ‘Coda’ cut. This was an improvement over the original cut, focusing on the finance dealings with the Vatican and Michael’s attempts to purchase legitimacy and redemption. Previously these things kinda got lost in the mire. It’s not up there with the first two but it’s repositioning means it sits better alongside them. 
7519 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone "2020"Francis Ford Coppola Re-Edit 
7520  At Home - PLEXFrancis Ford Coppola stands above the rest of The Movie Brats despite his latter day sins and somehow falling out of favor amongst contemporary cineastes for his peers like Scorsese, Spielberg and De Palma (all of whom I also consider to be top tier filmmakers) however in recent years Ford Coppola has looked to the past to try to wrong his rights by re editing Apocalypse Now (twice), Cotton Club and now his oft misunderstood franchise…  
7521 "Quiet." Saw the Coda version as the first watch since its supposedly "definitive", Yep, everyone who told me before to avoid this, you were right.. Shouldn't exist. Travesty of a cash grab. 
7522  Critique de la version Coda de 2020 :C'est nettement mieux que celle originale qui n'arrivait pas à rendre ses enjeux lisibles et où tout tournait un peu au ridicule. Là, Coppola resserre tout sur l'intrigue liée au Vatican et sur la destinée de Michael, plus que jamais au centre tout en se mettant de côté. Il y a une dimension opératique indéniable que la version de 1990 diluait trop. Désormais ce sont de véritables actes qui s'enchaînent, comme une…  
7523  This is the 'Death Of Michael Corleone' edit.I've watched Star Wars Prequel re-edits, Hobbit re-edits, Director's Cuts and Extended Editions - and they remain the same films, for their souls lie in the thousand decisions within each shot, not just in how the shots are put together.Maybe taking the narration off Blade Runner had a big effect, or the LOTR EEs really helped with pacing - but it is not like it ever turned a bad movie into…  
7524  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneVOD StreamingIt peaked my interest that Francis Ford Coppola was going to revisit this but no matter what he does two things will remain fact in my eyes that this film never really had to be made and Sofia Coppola still isn't Winona Ryder.I haven't seen Godfather III since the first Blu-ray boxset was released because I watched all three in one night and since then I only ever watch…  
7525 He should have left it the fuck alone! 
7526 Algunos comentarios sobre el nuevo corte.twitter.com/Gabriel_afp/status/1336511101392056324?s=20 
7527 Crazy ending. Wasn’t expecting it to be so sudden. So apparently this is the bad one in the trilogy of movies that I can’t get too much behind. 
7528  Godfather, Coda: Death of Michael Corleone (Anniversary Cut).The fact Francis Ford Coppola did not want to make these films finally rears its head in this film no matter what way he cuts it. A studio means to an end, by that I mean he was able to make his personal films because of the success of the previous films in the saga. This edit of the final entry is a good film from the man himself. I cant speak…  
7529  Mario Puzo’s The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone“It’s happening again, isn’t it?”It’s amazing how much difference it makes opening your film with the scene that starts the plot, instead of waiting forty minutes into a three-hour epic.The decision to restructure The Godfather, Part III to open with Michael brokering his deal with the Vatican makes sense. It obviously mirrors the opening of the previous two films, and The Godfather most especially. This is a business…  
7530  This new edit of The Godfather 3 doesn't seek to radically change the film but merely re-structure and tinker with key elements to bring it new life as the great film it originally had the potential to be.The new opening gives the film a  much  needed sense of forward momentum and clarifies the previously much too complicated nature of the plot. As a result pacing is greatly improved and the whole movie is a lot more involving. The film's…  
7531 Acabei de ver o Director's cut que saiu e pra mim essa é a versão pra se levar em conta, muito melhor em relação a original, mais rápida, dinâmica e sem várias partes desnecessárias que atrapalhavam muito. O Coppola conseguiu se redimir e fez um ótimo trabalho. 
7532  I finally got around to seeing one of the most controversial sequels of all time. I’ve seen Part I and Part II many many times but with the newly edited “Coda” version coming out in a few days I figured I should watch this. I have to say, I really don’t get all of the hate that plagues this film. I found it very engaging with an interesting story and great performances...for the most part. Sofia Coppola does a really…  
7533 The Godfather: Part III is a decent film gang 
7534 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   ok clean tidy review out of the way here are my embarrassing little thoughts (chronological) (from tumblr):oh it's godfather 3 time i guessal is so shortalso lolol god sonny's kid.....spelling out mancini throwing blind punches......that's my boy loving how everyone keeps hitting the fredo thing over and over. fuck yes michael sufferis that tom's son i'm gonna go insanethey didn't have to do al's hair like that he looks like he has frosted tipshe…   
7535  Vincent Mancini: Don Lucchesi, you are a man of finance and politics. These things I don't understand.Don Lucchesi: You understand guns?Vincent Mancini: Yes.Don Lucchesi: Finance is a gun. Politics is knowing when to pull the trigger.It doesn't have the magic of its predecessor films, but it's absolutely a worthy conclusion to the story. My estimation of it improved on a repeat viewing. It's a theme you find in other gangster films, but Michael's quest for redemption,…  
7536  I actually enjoyed this entry quite a bit more than I thought it would. I knew it always got a bad rap for not being as good as the first two, but let’s be honest: how can you make a third film be as good as two of the greatest films ever made?PROS:- Andy Garcia, Al Pacino, and Diane Keaton- Keeps tension throughout the entire film (even when it’s slow: you worry that something is about to happen…  
7537 So you’re telling me that Andy Garcia (Vincent) received an Oscar nomination for his role in this?! (SCREAMS LIKE AL PACINO) 
7538 Non c'è cosa più divina... 
7539  This is what I expected out of “The Irishman” and this also had more lines given to the female characters in the film vs afore mentioned film. (No hate towards “The Irishman”.)-“What is the point of confessing if I do not repent?”“Your sins are terrible, and it is just that you suffer. Your life could be redeemed, but I know you do not believe that. You will not change. [crosses to Michael] In nomine Patris et Filii…  
7540 Incest much? 
7541 A sound, although needless, conclusion to Michael Corleone’s story. Not at all up to the same standards as the first two, but it’s okay; the opera act was fantastically directed!Sofia Coppola nearly ruined this completely for me; what a horrible actress (alongside a few other iffy performances). Nepotism, huh? 
7542 A totally enjoyable film whose few noticeable shortcomings are to do with a slightly tentative approach at redoing the old style and good characters who died in earlier parts (or in Tom Hagen's case, between 2 and 3) not being available, and nothing to do with Sofia Coppola who is actually good in this.The ending, with Michael dying old and alone on a barren strip of land, mirroring his own father dying in an orange grove surrounded by family, might seem hasty and awkward. But it also feels true. He never tended the fruit and it never grew. 
7543  For years I've been saying that people overreacted to The Godfather Part III. I said it wasn't as good as the first two but still well made and an essential part of the story.Holy shit, was I wrong.The only aspect of this story that I still like is that Michael is trying to redeem himself for his actions, both through family and business. I like that he still doesn't get a happy ending. I also appreciate the commentary…  
7544 MY LUCKY COAT 
7545 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  There is a lot of stuff that really works in The Godfather Part 3. But as unfairly maligned as I believe it to be, it does have a few problems. I still can’t make sense of everything with the Catholic Church in the 3rd act. It’s so confusing that I can’t track it for the life of me.  
7546 The Coppolas sure kept it in the family 
7547 yikes 
7548  É insano imaginar que nós vivemos em um mundo onde esse filme recebeu um 3.4/5 na avaliação geral do letterboxd. Eu sempre me questionei o porque da nota baixa (comparado aos antecessores) e agora, depois de ter visto o filme, eu mantenho o meu questionamento.Ok... o filme não é tão gigante quanto os dois primeiros, de fato, mas tá longe de ser ruim. Acompanhamos dois filmes (bem longos) que promoveram uma construção cirúrgica do império dos Corleone, como eles…  
7549  Score: C+Link: Original ReviewNew Review:Didn’t really hold up to the “masterpiece” I claimed this movie to be a while back. The carried over praises revolve around Al Pacino’s performance, the direction, editing, cinematography, dialogue, musical score, themes and the pure suspense and poignance of the whole third act that gets you off the edge of your fu**ing seat. On rewatch, the movie fails to keep me invested a fair bit of the time. One of the reasons is:…  
7550 I'M FREE 
7551  Mi primer impresión cuando arrancó la película fue lógicamente "nuu, Al Pacino viejo, qué sad" y la verdad que es triste, sí. Pero por favor qué peliculón, no sé si era porque la tenía como que la tercera del padrino era no tan buena o qué, pero superó mis expectativas. Sí, entiendo que quizás no sea tan épica como la primera o la segunda pero estamos hablando de dos de las mejores películas de la historia del cine, tampoco es…  
7552 Is seeing Andy Garcia in a silky red dressing gown with his chest hair out shooting people not enough for all you haters ??? 
7553 Malgré un scénario un peu en deçà des autres et un jeu d’acteurs assez oubliable, la fin est vraiment bien 
7554  I don’t have as much to say about this film as I did with the other two, simply because there isn’t that much to talk about, so I’ll keep this relatively brief. This film is just kinda disappointing. It’s not terrible per se, but it’s incredibly unnecessary and misses most everything I love about the first two. I don’t remember liking it when I first saw it years ago, but I went into this rewatch with somewhat of an open…  
7555 Despite attempts to imbue the preceding films with more dramatic heft, the third act is too convoluted to effectively close out the trilogy. - ► 
7556 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Sofia Coppola esta hermosa pero me ponia re incomoda que se este comiendo al primo cada dos por tres.  
7557 Michael Corleone: When they come, they come at what you love.A tragic end to the tale of michael corleone. A sad ending to the best trilogy ever made 
7558 Primeira hora MERDA, segunda hora boa, últimos 50 minutos KINOInfelizmente decepcionou, mas ainda é bom 
7559 I prefer Sofia Coppola’s performance in the first Godfather.... when she did not actually have any lines because she was a baby. 
7560 this movie went from sicily to alabama pretty quickly 
7561 my only problem w the godfather trilogy is that all of the white men (except tom, michael, fredo, sonny, vito and vincent) look the same so 60% of the time i have no idea who’s who 😭😭 
7562 The lesser of the GODFATHER films, but it's still a decent entry into the trilogy, at least when it's focused on Michael, his sins and how that's weighed on him all these years. Hear our full review on #376. 
7563 I'm the days into "movies I May regret". Elle and I decided to binge the entire godfather trilogy in a single sitting. I never saw three and wish that were still the case. It felt like the angsty teen cousin. Which I guess it's the point? Elle found an article online which stated that this is a MUST WATCH for fans of the series because it tires up all the loose ends. No. Fuck whoever said that inaccurate statement. 
7564 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   the guy in the advert who said this was his favorite godfather film is a fucking idiot. as someone who watched all the godfather films in quick succession, i can see why this is considered the weakest. there are moments in this film which briefly reach the quality of the previous two films but, unlike the first two, there are also very brief moments which are god fucking awful. that helicopter scene was the absolute worst!! im shocked that it…   
7565  +Al Pacino did the best with what he was given, and his performance was solid. It was interesting to see a weaker and older Micheal that wanted out of the dirty part of the business.+Diane Keaton was great as kay.-Why was there so many bad choices made?! The side story where cousins Vincent and Mary are together is cringe worthy and creepy. -Dialogue was poor at times. What on earth was the "Give me the donkey noise" all…  
7566 5.0/10Man you know what The Godfather series was really missing?An incest subplot...A completely unnecessary sequel that is both incredibly boring and hard to follow. Apparently Coppola only made this movie for money and man does it show. 
7567 I just want Francis Ford Coppola to explain to me why those cousins wanted to fuck each other so badly, and why it was so important to the story. I'm curious, but mostly concerned. This is why no one wants to fund his movies now. 
7568 crazy how everyone was wrong and convinced me to not see this for years. 
7569  Extremely disappointing film considering the two masterpieces that came before it. It’s very clear this didn’t need to be made after the perfect conclusion in Part II.This isn’t a terrible movie though. There’s some pretty good and promising stuff within here. Al Pacino is great as always; the confession scene is very touching and well done; Antony singing to his father for the first time is extremely emotional, as are the scenes between Michael and Kay.Unfortunately there are…  
7570 Major disappointment. Felt like a parody of the first two movies. Garcia and pacino save it from being a total embarrassment. 
7571  “Just when I thought I was out...they pull me back in.”A film that repeatedly pulled me in then took me out. The Godfather: Part III, while not necessarily a bad film, is incredibly disappointing compared to the previous two. It’s a total mixed bag, there were plenty of scenes that had me engulfed, but there was an almost equal amount of scenes that did the complete opposite.Al Pacino gives it his all here, although the way his character…  
7572 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   The Godfather: Part III is widely considered one of the most disappointing movies of all time. Some go as far to say, that it is a bad movie. And while I don't share that opinion, I also can't make that many excuses for it.Part III unfortunately doesn't capture any of the epic feel that the first two had. It does have it's bright spots, namely Al Pacino and Diane Keaton. Every scene they share is good, some even great.…   
7573 What I hate most about this trash 90`s B-Tier crime drama disguised as a Godfather movie, is that it made my Dad be utterly and sorrowfully disappointed upon the realization that a Coppola film; a Godfather film no less, could be this fucking awful. 
7574 It wasn’t even good and then they killed my favourite character at the end!! 😭😭 worst movie ever 
7575 While I think its still a competently made film, The Godfather Part III should be further proof that just because you have the same director and crew on board, it doesn't mean they can give you a follow up that you are going to be satisfied with. 
7576  É oficial, quem assiste a trilogia “Poderoso Chefão” se torna fã dela e do cinema na mesma hora. Finalmente, terminei de assistir a trilogia, com o terceiro filme da franquia, que fecha até dignamente a saga da Família Corleone. 16 anos depois, Francis Ford Copolla volta a dirigir à sua trilogia, contra sua vontade inicialmente, pois achava que a história acabaria no segundo filme e que fizera bastante sucesso, por isso ele voltou. Pois, os dois primeiros são duas obras…  
7577 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   It's baffling to me that Coppola made this. The guy who approached the first 2 films with extreme caution and integrity would make a film that feels like a studio product (which it is) helmed by a new director trying to imitate what the first two films felt like.It's not a horrible film at all, in fact, it has its moments, great moments too! (Most of them being courtesy of Al Pacino)"Joey, if there is some guy running…   
7578  It could have been a lot better if someone else had played Mary. Look, Sofia Coppola is a terrific director, but an actress she is not. Now if the role was less important it would have mattered less, but the role was pivotal - the character basically the heart of the movie besides Michael. And boy oh boy. Her line delivery.... eek. I was thinking to myself during it that she sounded like one of the Naboo handmaidens in Phantom…  
7579 “I would burn in hell to keep you safe.” 
7580 “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.”Not as good as the first two but I still enjoyed how it all wraps up in the end. 
7581  Not as good or complex as the first two movies, as there are some sloppy moments in the beginning, and Sofia Coppola's acting is distractingly wooden, but The Godfather: Part III makes for a great closure to the trilogy and Michael's arc. I think Francis Ford Coppola does a great job delving into the guilt and regret of the main character, and the final scene is the icing on the cake for a journey such as this one. Say what…  
7582 Al Neri is pretty much the unsung hero of this saga, really. 
7583 Produced by Fred Fuchs and Nicolas Gage. Two men born to make you do double takes. 
7584  C'est un film très différent des deux premières parties. Comme la quête du protagoniste principal se centre sur un désir de rédemption et sur une réflexion sur le passé, c'est un film un peu plus lumineux malgré sa structure tragique. La structure du scénario n'est pas aussi habile que les deux scénarios précédents. Sa jongle avec des trames un peu moins engageante. Michael Corleone est aussi intéressant que dans les deux premiers, mais la trame de Vincent et même celle…  
7585  This is my review for the newly released cut of the film, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone.It's been so long since I saw the original theatrical cut that I can't confidently determine whether this cut is an improvement or not. If I had to, I would say this time around, watching it, the film's pacing feels more organic, the characters feel more defined in their personalities and motivations. Still, it doesn't magically remedy what is ultimately a very…  
7586 Necesitaba más escenas como la confesión y el final, y ésta historia de redención se siente demasiado alargada para ocupar 2 h 40 mins. Pero la ambientación de la película me ha parecido interesante, tanto por el hecho de que se siente un epílogo muy cerrado como por el tema de que ya no es una película de mafia, aparte que el personaje de Michael Corleone recibe ese desarrollo extra que, como dije, da lugar al estupendo, trágico final. 
7587 do yourself the favor of watching the series and stopping after II, cause this le not good.id also like to note that before watching this movie, i thought coppola was too smart to cast his daughter in a movie even if she’s a bad actress. meaning i gave sofia the benefit of the doubt although i had heard bad things about her performance. now, after watching the film i think sofia coppola may have given one of the worst performances i have ever seen in movie. also why was it ok that her character was tryna fuck her cousin 
7588  “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in”Im sure you’re all wondering if this really is as bad as people say. Conclusively, I can definitely say it is the weakest of the trilogy, but I cannot say that this is as bad as it’s been hailed. To kick this off, the best part of this movie is Pacino. The themes of guilt and regret, when explored are very powerful, as he’s a man, who can…  
7589  It looks like a Godfather film, but it doesn't feel like one. I'd love to offer a passionate defense for this, but I don't really have any strong feelings, either positive or negative. Coppola made this because he had to for financial reasons, and it really feels like he and Puzo just said, "Here you go; here's some more Corleone stuff." On its own merits, it's fine, and I'm trying not to judge it based on two all-time great films.…  
7590  الأغلب أحب الفيلم هذا من بين السلسلة بسبب آداء "ال بتشينو" لكن بالنسبة لي أعتقد أن براندو أفضل بمراحل كثيرة ولم يوفّوه حقهثانياً. إخراج الفيلم كانت جميلة بالنسبة لسنة إنتاج الفيلم.ثالثًا. فيلم لا يعجب المشاهد العادي فهو فوق مستوى العقول العاديةلا أنكر أن فيه نوع من الملل ولكن في لحظات الملل هناك شيء لا تراه يستمتع فيه المشاهد الغير عادي..رابعًا. مقطوعة الموسيقى المعروفة بـ"Love theme" أو "Speak softly, love" لا استطيع وصفها لكن سأصفها…  
7591 It's almost common knowledge that this film gets a boatload of flack, but I actually found "The Godfather Part III" to be quite an engaging and gratifying conclusion to the truly epic trilogy. While the film does have a few flagrant problems here and there, I find its merits to outweigh them deftly. 
7592 This is why I’m terrified they’ll make a third Mamma Mia 
7593  or that time I was hoodwinked and bamboozled by the Film Forum because I was promised a 35mm screening of Part III but actually ended up with Francis Ford Coppola's brand-new, never-before-seen re-cut, now titled what he had always wanted to call it: The Godfather - Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone !!!!Hence I shall now divide this review into three sections in honor of III: I. Why I love Godfather Part IIIOver the years and with several…  
7594 when you realize all of the corleones are gay, your third eye really opens and lets you watch this movie in peace 
7595  [Originally written in 2013]Al Pacino returns as Michael Corleone as he’s now in his 60’s and feeling guilty for all his past criminal activities. He’s now given up the criminal life and has given all responsibility of the family business to gangster Joey Zasa (Joe Mantegna). Michael’s right hand man and nephew Vincent (Andy Garcia) is involved in a feud with Zasa and is suspicious of his actions. Also, he happens to be in love with Michael’s daughter Mary…  
7596 EMBARRASING 
7597  OofThe Godfather: Part III is a failure. I was hoping it would be good, but my hope was misplaced.I only have some general thoughts, nothing too in-depth. Part III lacks care and epicness, which Parts I and II thrived on, and traded it for cheesiness. (Like Vincent biting Zasa's ear, the helicopter scene, the ending, and Sofia Coppola's acting.) Because of its cheesiness, Part III lacks style. The first two Parts had sophistication to them, but Part III…  
7598 My mam told me to be prepared for this film,I was not prepared 😭😭 
7599 when this starts with a 10 minute long, hastily cut together recap of two whole movies, you know you’re in for a rough ride 
7600  More than fifteen years later came out the final part in the trilogy, anticipation was high and the dissapointment was as heavy as Michael Corleone’s old man-balls. But looking at the classic trilogy now, part III is a lot better than people think. I would even go so far as saying it is superior to the second movie. This shit is not about real estate at all! The reach of the mob goes as high as the Vatican, corrupting the…  
7601 Needlessly complicated, mediocre acting and over-the-top. Francis Ford Coppola began this trilogy with ground breaking cinema to a sadly unsatisfying conclusion. 
7602 Sofia Coppola is a dream 
7603  Despite a logical extension into international control mechanisms this belated coda lacks gravitas. It’s too slightingly brisk in handling with its weak characterisation (a mishandled Garcia, a superfluous Fonda and as for poor Ms. Coppola...)Plot lines either peter out (Fonda’s journalism) or simply doesn’t develope what could have been interesting (the dramatic goldmine of Vatican corruption) until it’s nearly too late. Connie’s intriguing emergence as a latent Lady MacBeth isn’t worked enough and Kay is there for the sake…  
7604 An extension of the Godfather film saga which was...unnecessary.I like the addition of Andy Garcia as Vincent Corleone.. Sofia Coppola as Mary? Wow. Abysmal acting. She won a Razzie for Worst Actress! But she proved to be a solid director.. acting’s not her forte.The story is okay? It has suspense and the riveting atmosphere but largely inferior to the two great predecessors.It’s an okay film but the WORST obviously of the three in the franchise. 
7605 Apparently Coppola originally wanted to title this The Death of Michael Corleone. This got me thinking; instead of a tired, wannabe epic that always feels like it's trying too hard to recapture old magic, imagine if this had been a ninety-minute chamber piece a la Bergman. Imagine something so intensely intimate and focused; Michael in his late years filled with a lifetime of regret. Something quiet.This could've been beautiful. 
7606  Utterly disappointing compared to the magnitude of its predecessors’ achievements, but nonetheless occasionally compelling and visually transfixing in its own right. Its deep-seated imperfections perhaps literalize the melancholic feeling of a world order on the precipice of change that underscored its ethereally perfect predecessors; here is a film with the visual magnificence and stupefying beauty of a bona fide Classic, a “they don’t make them like this anymore” work of epic proportions, beautifully scored and lyrically shot, but with the narrative…  
7607  What really works here is all of the stuff with Michael and Kay. My favorite sequence of this is easily the scene where he steals the car and takes her on a tour around Sicily. Their relationship is as solid as ever and I really love how this film advances it. I especially love the moment at the climax when Kay looks up from her crying and sees Michael screaming and she has a look on his face that almost…  
7608 i mean yeah if sofia coppola was MY first cousin id definitely try to sleep with her too 
7609 tried for days but could not finish it bc of pacino’s hair and sofia’s acting (the nepotism is Wild). at least i saw the ‘they pull me back in’ scene but it was just as good in the sopranos 
7610 I don't have nearly the problems that so many do with this film. I think it's a really strong ending to the trilogy. Unfortunately, it does get bogged down with some script and casting issues, but Pacino and Keaton are in fine form. 
7611  Two things that I think get underrated in Godfather III:1) The opening scene, I love how in the first film you have this effortless roots oriented family celebration, which is replaced by the uber WASPy party in Part 2 in an effort to shed ethnicity and join the upper classes. The party in 3 is clearly an attempt to reclaim the warm ethnic roots. Everything is plastic, forced and horrible, it's too late to reclaim the past, the Corleone's…  
7612  SÍ, por fin ya terminé de ver completa The Godfather trilogy. He subido un escalón como cinéfilo. The Godfather: Part III no es la mala película que esperaba encontrar, de hecho es bastante entretenida, diría que lo suficiente como para poder soportar a Sofia Coppola las veces que sale en pantalla EN CIENTO SESENTA MINÚTOS. Evidentemente es inferior a sus procedentes en años luz, pero estudiándola como una película individual se queda corta en el sentido de que es un…  
7613  #37 in my collection rewatch. Again, not really a rewatch, first time watching. Sofia Coppola is an absolutely horrible actress. Seriously. Oh my gosh, it's some of the worst acting I've seen in a film with such prestige as this one. Also, Al Pacino seems to have worsened significantly in the twenty-six years between the last film and this one. The all-star cast both helps along the film and worsens it in ways. The film loses a lot by being…  
7614 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   This film surprised me. I wasn't expecting the same level of class to live on in this franchise fifteen years later, but it did. Set in 1979, and with a solid Andy Garcia taking the youthful lead position, the film followed the structure of the first film but this time did something bold in exposing corruption in the Vatican. What also surprised me was the attention to Michael Corleone’s gradual disintegration. I never thought I would shed a tear for…   
7615  It's true that we judge this movie too quickly by what it isn't--which is to say the first two parts. But it still defines itself by what it isn't--which is to say an earlier draft where being "pulled back in" had more to do with old ghosts than Catholic financial conspiracies. If a Godfather movie cannot have Tom Hagen, then his son must play a role that reminds Michael of his own cruelty, not just an empty Church icon that…  
7616  Yes, this film has it's faults. I do think it is the weakest of the 3 Godfather films. The story is uneven at points, and Sofia Coppola gives the weakest performance of the whole franchise. But mixed in with the chaff, there’s a lot of fantastic stuff. On a superficial level, the helicopter attack in Atlantic City is one of the series’ bloodiest and most viscerally effective sequences; and in true Godfather tradition, the final montage of assassinations is beautifully…  
7617  Firstly let me get a rant out of the way, what is the big deal about Sofia Coppola's performance? She is barely even in it - her character adds nothing to plot outside of her final scene and she has very little dialogue. It is like complaining about that character in your favourite tv show that appears every 3 or 4 eps. Would you complain about Starburns' acting in Community? Hmm.Anyway, the argument doesn't really matter because I don't…  
7618  Considering the first two Godfather films are legendary masterworks in cinema, the third film in the Corleone crime saga is a bit of a disappointment. The film lacks the sheer power and intensity of the first two films. The film is almost a dud, and despite it's legendary title, The Godfather Part III is an average film in the thrilling Corleone crime sage. Al Pacino manages to keep this film afloat, but Sofia Coppola takes it down a notch. This…  
7619 Finally through my rewatch of the series. This was my second watch of this one, even though I've seen the first two more, so it was very fun revisiting this with all it's criticisms. Sofia Coppola is bad in this, she just has the no emotion with all of her lines. The story is drawn out for it's runtime and it feels like they just tried getting it close to three hours to match the others. also, nice incest sub-plot 
7620 Contains all the same elements as the first two (crime, religion, power, family), but fails to assemble them to create the same dramatic or emotional impact. Even in the Coda edit, the storytelling is too choppy and unfocused to make us care. It really is the Fredo of the trilogy. 
7621 AND FINALLY, oh Micheal losing his first wife, and the fact that Kay also had an abortion but I know they love each other and lost his beloved daughter (Mary), I don't think abt Vincent bcs he has the ambition to become the next Godfather even though I know he is very sad about losing Mary, but come on, Micheal's life is very tragic ... rest in peace DON VITO and DON MICHAEL you deserve love, NO MORE WORDS, THE BEST TRILOGY, THE GODFATHER 🤝🏽 
7622 Watched the recut rerelease. The start of this film is so shockingly bad that I had to check if the same DP worked on this one. He did. Dunno where the awful coverage choices came from. As the movie continues either you start to accept how mediocre it is or it gets better. I can't decide. 
7623  Me gustó la película, pero no le doy las 5 estrellas porque...¿Por qué decidieron darle un final tan miserable a Michael Corleone? Después de ver las dos primeras partes de la trilogía, en las cuales se demuestra cuál era la personalidad del protagonista, me pareció sumamente absurdo que hayan decidido darle ese final.¿A quien se le ocurrió que era una buena idea crear un avistamiento de romance entre primos? Tanta razón tenía Mike Corleone en opornerse rotundamente a…  
7624  Blunt assessment: the original 1990 theatrical cut of The Godfather: Part III is abysmal. Meandering storytelling and distracting performances (Sofia Coppola, George Hamilton, Joe Mantegna, Andy Garcia) make it extremely hard to defend Paramount’s approved Final Cut of ‘Part III.’ People do (Hi, Garrett!) But those people really shouldn’t (Sorry, Garrett!)So I went into The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone — Coppola’s 2020 Re-Edit — with pretty low expectations. And I left…somewhat impressed. Joey Zasa is still a deeply…  
7625 Give Me A Chance To Redeem Myself And I Will Sin No More 
7626 love Sofia Coppola as a director but as an actor mehhh 
7627 Once you get over Al Pacino's cocaine era hairstyle this movie is not as bad as people say it is.The third act is great and Andy Garcia's performance is a show stealer. What spoils this movie for me is all the behind-the-scenes antics... No Robert Duvall, an uninterested director & writer... It's a shame it doesn't have as much heart put into it compared to the first two. 
7628  Quite possibly the most overhated sequel I have ever seen. It is nearly impossible to make a film that lives up to its huge expectations after making two of the best movies ever made, anything less than that is failure. Sofia Coppola should not get all the blame for the critical bomb that this was. She is not a good actress, but you have to cut her some slack, this was her first real role and there was no actress…  
7629 what. 
7630  In giving a conclusion to two of the most powerful crime and family stories to come out of the seventies, (As well as 2 of my fav movies of all time) Francis Ford Coppola took a risk that many feel didn't pay off and I’ve heard many people not really enjoying it. And I really wish I hadn’t heard of these criticisms before going into this but it didn’t really affect my judgement too much. I’ve heard people speaking about…  
7631 Should’ve never been made only got a star because it’s part of one of the best franchises ever made but no one’s cousin is that hot. Only good thing that came out of this was Sofia watched her godawful performance and decided to follow in her dads footsteps. 
7632 borinGGGG until legit the last 10 mins it had cool gothic religious imagery tho 
7633 I had an expectation for the end but got disappointed. I think this third installment was needed because I had a question regarding how Michael feels about being exactly the person he didn't want to be. This installment answered that. 
7634 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Watched the Coda edit- this was a very good movie. Came together really well, with a great ending, better than what I just read the other ending was. So, since it was shockingly not bad based on what I'd been trained to expect by ~society~ My main gripe of the movie was plot based. I do not understand how, when ceding his Godfatherdom, Michael just lets his bloodthirsty twenty something nephew he just met be the new Don Corleone?? His…   
7635 It’s nowhere near the first 2 films but I still think this is undeniably a good film. They probably could have cut 20-30 minutes off and the cousin love was a bad gamble and they could have easily removed that relationship as it was unnecessary. I do think this end to the saga is extremely important in order to tell the whole story. The last 10 minutes are very powerful. Great trilogy. 
7636 The Godfather wouldn't be what it is without this film's last 40 minutes.What the fuck is wrong with y'all this was fucking amazing.Yes the screenplay had serious issues, yes the first act was the weakest of the 3 films, yes Sofia Coppola and Andy Garcia gave bad performances; BUT DAMN THOSE LAST 40 MINUTES WERE SO FUCKING BEAUTIFUL.Tightly wrapped up the whole Trilogy and did it very fittingly so. It has the best aspects of the previous two films tied together. 
7637  The Godfather Part III is a 1990 American epic crime film produced and directed by Francis Ford Coppola from the screenplay co-written with Mario Puzo. The film stars Al Pacino, Diane Keaton, Talia Shire, Andy García, Eli Wallach, Joe Mantegna, Bridget Fonda, George Hamilton, and Sofia Coppola. It is the third and final installment in The Godfather trilogy. A sequel to The Godfather (1972) and The Godfather Part II (1974), it concludes the fictional story of Michael Corleone, the patriarch…  
7638  Just when I thought I was out… they pull me backThe subtleties and the broad strokes that created the meditative reflection offered in the first two is gone - this is now a post-80’s world after all. The theme is belaboured and spelled out, characters say “I feel, I think” rather than show us with actions and expressions and scenes play out like a standard action flick (the helicopter hit, the scene with the quote above, parade scene). Pacino…  
7639  If The Godfather is Messi, and The Godfather: Part II is Ronaldo, then that would make The Godfather: Part III Luis Suarez, and let me explain. Just as the peaks of Suarez’s career reach heights actually not far from Messi and Ronaldo, so too do the peaks of Part III. Pacino, once again, is absolutely incredible. I liked Andy Garcia as Vincent and the idea of Sonny’s son becoming the new Don Corleone. The final sequences during the opera, while somewhat unoriginal from…  
7640  I finally got around to watching The Godfather Part 3 and In no means is this a bad movie as some would like to say but its defintley not great, there alot of problems with this film such as some wierd acting and line delivery from Sophia Coppala along with a incest plot with here cousin?????? also the final act is dreadfully too long in my opinion and overall the movie just seems to forgets what made the first 2…  
7641  CODA: The death of Michael Corleone cutMight be sacrilege but I actually might prefer this to part 2 and don't really have any problems with it (yeah Sofia Coppola's performance is a little awkward occasionally but I don't think it really breaks anything within the film and she sells enough of it to give what ultimately happens some emotional weight, though as a fan I'm glad she chose to pursue a directing career instead). I found it to be…  
7642 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I found this watch to be quite disappointing. If it weren't for its association with "The Godfather," I doubt I would have bothered watching it. The portrayal of Michael and Al Pacino's performance fell short, lacking the authenticity I expected. It felt like a watered-down version of their characters with little effort invested. Cousin Vincent's presence on screen was a nightmare, and every scene with him was unbearable. The pasta scene, in particular, was a low point. Mary's performance was…   
7643 Overhated fr 
7644  Honestamente, pude ver lo que la Parte III estaba tratando de lograr. El propio Coppola ha admitido que los dos primeros Padrinos son la verdadera historia y la Parte III es solo un epílogo. Aquí, tenemos el comienzo de la película como comenzó la primera película: Michael, siendo el Don, organizando una fiesta importante para la familia que trata con un hijo que no quiere tener nada que ver con el negocio. Sin embargo, mientras que con Vito todos eran…  
7645  PERJALANAN TOBAT MICHAEL CORLEONESebuah penutupan dari sebuah trilogy The Godfather.The Godfather yang kali ini menceritakan tentang perjalanan seorang Michael Corleone dari awalnya dikenal sebagai iblis dan berusaha untuk membenarkan jalan hidupnya dengan berhenti melakukan segala tindakan kriminal dan menyimpang agama.Gw bingung kenapa Coppola bisa lupa dengan cara dia memperfectkan film ini padahal seperti yang kita tahu bahwa film pertama dan kedua dari trilogy ini benar benar epic tetapi mengapa film ketiganya ini hanya bergantung kepada  ending dan acting dari…  
7646 alors c'est clair que c'est le moins bien des 3 mais c'est pas non plus mauvais j'aime bcp les 30 dernières minutes c'est les + intéressantes, pour le reste c'est pas très dynamique mais c'est qd mm trop cool et trop stylé et j'aime TROP le personnage de Vincentdcp avis général sur la trilogie C EXCELLENT ET MICHAEL CORLEONE EST LE PERSONNAGE FICTIF LE MIEUX ÉCRIT DE TOUTE LA TERRE voilà regardez cette trilogie c merveilleux vive le parrain 
7647 eu demorei a assistir esse pq não queria ver tão cedo o desfecho da trilogia, mas esse aqui foi tão bom quanto os outros dois primeiros, um pouco arrastado mas ainda bom, com a mesma essência.eu achei que o vincent uma hora ia derrapar e ia se voltar contra o michael mas eu amei ele, é o sonny todinho. senti falta do meu querido tom hagen e amei a connie tendo mais maturidade. e eles introduzindo a sicilia foi A homenagem ao vito, eu amei, amei tudo, um ótimo desfecho pra trilogia. 
7648 Ought to come with a warning: "You may overheat from '90s-era Andy Garcia and Bridget Fonda." 
7649 Not a bad movie, just not a great movie. I too would be a terrible actress if my father was directing me in an incest sub plot, with another terrible actor. 
7650 The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneIt’s a good film. Not sure how much the changes made for this new edit help as I’ve not seen the original, but very much enjoyed what was going on here. A great epilogue to the original duology. 
7651 pacinos best performance is on this poster. that dead look in his eyes as he quietly tries to sniff his fingers. he knows you can tell. that’s the POINT. he’s the godfather, bitch. he can sniff all day long, but he disguises it because of his values. 
7652 really the only things I liked about this film were Anthony, and being able to see Michael's regret after being an ass in the second movie lmao. 
7653 olerem ay maykl. sene gelen keder qem qusse derd mene gelsin. 
7654 what the fuck is going on in here on this day 
7655 How's this for a hot take: I prefer this over The Godfather Part II. The plot and characters feel far more compelling here; a sorta Godfather meets Gordon Gecko meets Vatican intrigue. Michael's character feels fully rounded and the addition of Vincent is an interesting and welcome one. Even Sofia Coppola's performance didn't bother me. Sure, her tone is pretty monotone throughout but I feel like I've met plenty of people who's default manner of speaking is spaced-out/bored. Consider me pleasantly surprised, The Godfather Part III is much, much better the second time round. Recommended. 
7656 time to try and absorb these films into my personality 
7657  There are so many things to hate in this movie: the incest, the overwrought acting, Sofia Coppola, Andy Garcia, the blah cinematography, Sofia Coppola, the destruction of everyone’s prior characterization, the amateurish lighting, Sofia Coppola, the entire opera sequence, the terrible pacing, Sofia Coppola......but you know what I hated most? Well, I’ll tell you. The entire gnocchi scene. And let’s talk about why it was so bad. That was the most piss poor gnocchi prep on this earth. That…  
7658 Even Data from Star Trek has more emotion than freaking Sofia Coppola and he’s a god damn robot--I think what pushes this from “meh it’s just meh” to “holy mother of god what did I just watch” is the fact that both part I and II are so good 
7659 Zasa! 
7660 I don’t love the new ending, even though I understand and even agree with what Coppola is going for. The original was absolutely perfect and one of my favorite parts of the whole trilogy. But every other editing decision taken by him before those last 30 seconds elevate a film which I already liked within reach of the pedestal occupied by the previous two masterpieces. In future viewings, I’ll just switch discs when they get to the opera house, same thing I do with Apocalypse Now Redux. 
7661 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   This is a review for the Coda version, which at the time I wrote this review, had its own separate Letterboxd pageHuge improvement on the original cut, they cut out so much of the bullshit and replaced it with actual information vital to the plot. But... a few issues I had from the original cut still carry over. Here is a list of them:1. Sofia Coppola is still in it and is still terrible, luckily her screen time…   
7662 Going into this; I expected Marys character to beguile me, like a Maria Antoinette type character. However, after actually watching Sofia Coppola as Mary the virgin, suicide is all I could think about.  I'm on the rocks about this piece as a whole. Some of it shined like a bling ring, whereas other parts just felt lost in translation. Somewhere out there is a good finale, unfortunately it's not here. 
7663 Come on, it's actually a good film 
7664  "Run at thunder, girl! Thunder can't hurt! Harmless noise! Bullshit! You deceitful old fuck!" - Al PacinoThe Godfather Part III. What a boring, sluggish melodramatic mess of a film. I remembered liking this a lot when I was like 10 but...just...no. This does not hold up in the slightest. While not a TERRIBLE film or THE WORST FILM ever made, it's a ridiculous cash grab. Nobody wanted to make this film aside from Paramount. The production behind the scenes…  
7665 what was i thinking when i gave this a positive score?still a bad cannoli though 
7666 Sigo manteniendo que no es una mala película. Pero prefiero pegarme un tiro en los cocos que a ver a Sofia actuando en otra pelicula 
7667 “Mary, he’s your 1st cousin”“Then, I’ll love him first” 😳 
7668 francis fart coppola 
7669 they really waited all those years for al pacino to get older......also: incest?????? incest?!?!??!?!?!??!? 
7670 I used to own the DVD box set of The Godfather films, and I watched The Godfather and The Godfather Part II while I had it. I purposely didn't watch The Godfather Part III because I had been told it was terrible.While it's nowhere near as good as the first two films, it's still an interesting movie with some great performances - Pacino before he goes PACINO! (HOO-ah!), young Andy Garcia, the always great Diane Keaton - mixed with a few less than stellar bits (glad Sofia moved to directing).I should've watched this sooner, to complete the trilogy. Glad it's under my belt now. 
7671 And the winner for best actress in a supporting role goes to... everyone but Sofia Coppola. Man this Godfather Marathon was fun. 
7672 “Oh, God — You hate me, you hate me.”“No, I don’t hate you. I dread you.”I am GENUINELY, genuinely in shock and utter disbelief right now. That finale... oh my GOD my jaw literally HIT THE FLOOR 
7673 In the words of Sofia Coppola:"no" 
7674 pretty good. the actual story part of this was boring as hell in my opinion, but good new characters like vincent made up for it. sofia coppola was whatever - i didnt like her but i didnt think she really detracted from the movie that much. al pacino (as usual) just killed me, especially the scene where he confesses to the priest. all in all i liked it enough, my favorite aspect of it was definitely al pacino. andy garcia was pretty good also 
7675 Entiendo que "no es lo mismo" que las otras dos anteriores como muchos dicen, pero aún así me parece una película increíble. Las actuación del Al Pacino siempre consigue ponerme la piel de gallina y la historia de los Corleone sigue estando genial en todo sentido 
7676 "Michael Corleone: Never let anyone know what you are thinking."fair enough I won't let anyone know this movie is a massive let down 👍🏻 
7677 Words cannot express my disappointment. 
7678 “You haven’t kissed me hello, you know relatives always kiss" - bro, why does this movie have incest rizz 💀💀 
7679 This has like a couple parts that feel like a nice extension of Michael’s story, but overall feels like a parody of the first two movies. Yeah, Sofia Coppola’s pretty bad. Incest is also super normalized here. Michael’s trying to stop his daughter from marrying her first cousin but everyone but him and his son are for it.This should’ve been pitting Tom Hagen against Michael, as they sewed the seeds of that very well at the end of part 2. Alas, they didn’t wanna pay Duvall. Oh well. 
7680 I love this movie, classic. 
7681  Definitely a Coda more than a Part III (guess which cut I watched). Michael is essentially no longer present in this entry. His life ended with the killing of Fredo. Any attachments he has here are merely inherited from his past. He hasn’t moved on from Kay, he’s still trying to legitimize the family business, and his own son won’t engage with the plan that’s been in place since his birth. This is a companion piece even in quality of…  
7682 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneNot nearly as bad as everyone seems to think. Sofia Coppola INNOCENT.Watched at home by myself. 
7683 not awful but there is a lot of farting about with the vaticanalso andy garcia has to be told multiple times that fucking his cousin is “dangerous” which is simply a funny choice of adjective 
7684 Peut être pas à la hauteur des précédents mais très bon quand même. Il est beaucoup plus axé sur la trahison, les amitiés ce genre de chose plutôt que sur du crime organisé mais cets bien ça change.Sinon cets comme d'habitude la musique est parfaite, la Sicile l'est tout autant ça donne envie de voyager tout ça en plus avec le beau temps qui arrive la. Je pense que la plus part des gens ne l'ont pas apprécié à sa juste valeur et n'ont pas compris le réel message du film. 
7685 A very nice conclusion to the trilogy that, yes, falls short of the quality of the first two, but come on... you can't really top that. I love the story of Michael trying to find forgiveness and retribution for all of the bad stuff he did. And, yeah, for some reason there's incest so that's a thing I guess but otherwise it's a great movie and closes things out really well. 
7686 Andy Garcia’s hair is like The Godfather: Part 2 of hairstyles. 
7687 RIP Munsi, he would've loved The Godfather part III 
7688 مايكل يقاتل للخروج من حياة الجريمة، ولكن الماضي يطارده بظلاله المظلمة يعاني من تناقضات داخلية وصراعات مع العائلة، وخيانات من حوله تهدد بتدمير كل ما بناه بالإضافة إلى ذلك يجد نفسه في صراع مع نفسه ومع قيمه ومبادئه حيث يجد نفسه محاصرًا بين الرغبة في القوة والثروة وبين ضميره الذي يرفض الاستسلام للظلم والفساد الفيلم يقدم نظرة عميقة في عالم الجريمة المنظمة والسياسة وكيف تتداخل مصالح العائلة والسلطة السياسية وعلى الرغم من أنه لا يصل إلى مستوى الجزئيين السابقين إلا أنه يقدم قصة مشوقة تستحق المشاهدة ، أحببت نهاية الفلم 
7689 reassistir esse aqui é tipo cutucar uma ferida antiga 
7690 rip Mary Corleone you would’ve loved Sofia Coppola 
7691 This reminds me of when my aunt in Italy tried to set me up with my cousin that lives there and a bunch of the old people in my family tried to gaslight me into thinking it was normal 
7692 Every time I watch this I stand by my opinion that there is no bad Godfather movie. The first two are two of the best movies of all time no one argues that. This movie is filled with flaws it’s nowhere near the greatness of the first two. I enjoy how this trilogy ends damnit. That’s the truth. 
7693 thank you sofia coppola for giving us nothing 
7694 I just didn’t care plus I have been trying to finish this for months 
7695 Last 20 minutes or so was wank and i’m not a fan of the ending and especially that weird subplot of mary and vincent.4/10 
7696  "I'll always love you.""Love somebody else."This is an awesome movie that could never lived up to the first two Godfathers. I really like this version of Michael, who has regained some of his humanity in his later years, but who remains convinced of his own evil nature. It's odd to actually root for him to forgive himself, because he's right to consider himself unforgivable. This is the completion of Coppola's critique of the American dream, an ending to…  
7697 very good. but i am thinking about the version that could have been and weeping 
7698 Sofia Coppola qui a abandonné sa carrière d’actrice après cette « performance » : t’as fait le bon choix ma grande 
7699 achei babado 
7700 amei que do nada passou no sbt 
7701 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I will never understand why there has to be an incest sub-plot in this movie. What was Francis Ford Coppola thinking?? There HAD to have been a better way of handling all of that.  
7702  “Why was I so feared, and you so loved?”i think i liked it! it was a fitting epilogue to the trilogy, i liked the themes of the corleone family’s legacy. but in all fairness, i really do think that part 2 had the best conclusion. im not sure where to begin with this film, i mean, i feel like it’s missing the ‘bite’ that the previous 2 films had. it really doesnt feel like there was much more to…  
7703 Coda: The Death Of Michael CorleoneI haven't actually seen the original Godfather part 3 this one at least was really good it I did hear the complaints on the original part 3 so I looked into this one and it seemed as though most of the problems had been fix i mean it still shares some of the same problems from the original part 3 but it's a really good film never the less. 
7704 I liked this one the most! It’s actually interesting and the violence was done super well I’m glad they only focused on Al Pacino, going back to Robert De Niros character in part 2 was SO annoying because his story was so lame and unnecessary but here it’s only Michael and thank god cause he’s so good in this, he just gets better every movie A very good ending for a mid trilogy The mid father 3 
7705 Movie just felt so unnecessary, too many new characters introduced that we kind of just don't care for enough plus there was zero need for that much incest wtf, felt like i was watching a mustie family reunion 
7706 in the first two godfathers, when someone is murdered, it is slow, silent, realistic. in this, a helicopter mounted with machine guns blasts a room of old dudes while one of them screams about his “lucky coat” before he gets turned to swiss cheese 
7707 vibey 
7708 Definitely not my favorite of the 3 but it's hard when the first 2 were just that good. It still portrays well, from my historical knowledge, much of the struggle of the mob families to legitimize their business dealings and try to enjoy life in the later age of the mafia in America. Al Pacino performs brilliantly and I enjoyed Joe Mantegna in his roll. Definitely worth the watch if you were a fan of the previous 2 films. 
7709 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  i liked this well enough! note: i watched the coda version bc that’s what was available. michael dresses up as mister rogers, diane keaton stays cool, and joe mantegna is wonderfully italian. we do not speak of sofia. no - we do. did you know she barrels the camera, more than once? her dad really saw that and went, “yeah no that’s great sweetie”. insane!now, i officially can no longer say that i haven’t seen the godfather. i’ve completed cinema, i think.  
7710 if you watch the entire godfather trilogy on zero sleep, godfather iii will feel like a disjointed, vaguely absurd nightmare your brain cobbled together from pieces of the other two films and random concepts floating around your head (sofia coppola? the pope? incestuous cousins that exclusively call each other “cuz”?). this is a real movie somehow. cool 
7711 there was just no need for the incest 
7712 even the poster is poo colored compared to the other 2 
7713 I’m sorry but I don’t feel that bad you can’t fuck your cousin. But that’s just me.There are some really interesting concepts in this film, but there just sadly aren’t enough. For instance, the “mystery killer” trying to get Mikey, and finally exploring Mikey’s guilt. These are some great ideas, some explored more than others. A very tragic ending, as well. But that’s the life of the Mafia. 
7714 Absolutely equal to 1 and 2, which is to say, full of overplayed grandiosity and ponderous uninteresting violence that despite its technical competence, just misses me. 
7715  The funny thing about The Godfather movies is that - unlike Star Wars, or Indiana Jones, or Lord of the Rings or any other iconic franchise - their identity and reputation is not defined by lore or iconography but a widely-accepted belief that 'these are quite literally the greatest films of all time'. The Godfather Part III is unfairly treated and wilfully forgotten by people for the simple sin that it is a Godfather movie that is NOT quite literally…  
7716 I swear on the lives of my children, give me one last chance to redeem myself and I will sin no more.Coda cutwhy is everyone hating on this? i feel like this is a better sequel than part 2 🤷‍♀️ 
7717 What?I knew people considered this to be bad, but the first 30 minutes feel like the most surreal and bizarre moments from The Sopranos. The line delivery, acting, dialogue, it's impossible to take seriously. Imagine Jackie Jr just became a character in The Godfather and that's what it feels like.Anyways, I thought the whole movie would be as funny as this so I was hopeful, but then it gets boring and there's even more of the awful dialogue and writing. What an unbelievable movie. 
7718 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  An extra half a star for Sofia Coppola dying. Amen to that. How did Bob Walters walk out of the first two and then proceed to say the third was a masterpiece? What a wreck.  
7719 Took them 16 years to decide the missing ingredient in the movies was… incest. 
7720  Who the fuck said this was the worst one. This is one of the best movies I've seen, trilogy or not like damn.Everything was perfect, the cinematography, the acting, sets, story, it all worked and worked tremendously. All the loose ends of each character are tied up perfectly.I love this trilogy as a whole, Micheal going from honouring his father, to overshadowing him and finally trying to be a better man than his father and trying to make…  
7721  @ElvisCostello: Who can forget hearing “Miracle Man” during the seduction of Michael Corelone’s daughter in “Godfather III”?Who amongst us indeed?! Exactly half a Godfather film. Some of the composition is there, a lot of the music is, and even many of the actors, and yet...Everyone knows by now the many ways this has been fairly and unfairly maligned. The two biggest problems are not necessarily the most glaring. The first is a lazy story that needlessly expands the…  
7722  The Godfather: Part III is an ultimately unnecessary legacy sequel, but one that has a compelling enough story to tell that makes the film at least a disappointment; rather than a complete disaster. Part III follows a now aging Michael Corleone as he attempts to legitimize his criminal empire once and for all. A ruthless mob boss turned saint is a captivating idea on paper, but the film suffers from a general lack of wholistic filmmaking prowess; among several other…  
7723 72A review to the original "The Godfather: Part III", click here for the CODA version.I officially finished The Godfather franchise, it surely is one of a kind. There are not many differences between this and the CODA, but the film is kinda the same, the pacing is a little weaker here but nothing serious. The 2020 version clarified a little the church dynamics, but again, not a big deal. 
7724 i didn't rate this before because it just feels wrong... go read the books instead 
7725  *coda versionThe hotel I’m staying in has a terrible selection of channels and it’s the first place I’ve stayed at where showtime is the cable movie channel of choice. So since I don’t want to watch the depressing ass channels of world news, an mtv marathon of Ridiculousness or season 1 episodes of Seinfeld, I’ve found myself watching Godfather III, again. On top of that, the television settings can’t be adjusted and it’s on that soap opera smoothing mode,…  
7726 «Крестного отца» нельзя рассматривать как один фильм. Это прекрасная трилогия, которую нужно смотреть только от начала и до конца. Это кино про жестокую мафию, но и про любящую семью, про становление личности, но и про моральное падение, про исправление ошибок, но и про грехи прошлого. Френсис Форд Кополла открыл миру навсегда врезающийся в память образ Вито Корлеоне, что в исполнении Марлона Брандо, что и Роберта Де Ниро, трансформацию Майкла Корлеоне от прекрасного Аль Пачино и просто семью, которая навсегда останется в истории кинематографа. Это именно тот момент, когда я могу сказать: За это я и люблю кино! 
7727 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  yeah it's good, i cried a little bit when mary died and when he died, but nothing beats the first and second one let's be honest  
7728 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Ranking Francis Ford CoppolaWatched the 170 min Director’s CutDespite being the shortest of the trilogy, The Godfather Part III is the only one I had pacing issues with. And there were quite a few contributing factors to this – from having to introduce a whole slew of new characters to uninteresting side plots – but what felt most different to me was the dialogues. They were missing, for lack of better terms, the rhythm and lyricism of the…   
7729  O epílogo, com ajustes feitos pelo diretor nos últimos anos, não poderia ser melhor. O desfecho de Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) acaba refletindo toda a sua jornada de vida. A trama é muito instigante, envolvendo a Igreja Católica nos negócios da máfia italiana. Copolla quis enfatizar aqui que a corrupção humana encontra guarida em qualquer lugar, guiada pela ganância e riqueza.Aqui temos um Corleone cansado em busca de perdão e redenção. O passado o atormenta, mas ele não consegue…  
7730 Es que así de cabronas están las cosas, hasta la “más mala” del padrino, es impresionante. ESCALOFRÍOS, EVERY TIME. 
7731  If it's so great an offense to fall short of the first two Godfather movies, then no one is innocent, and there are few films I'd forgive more quickly than this one. It may not achieve the same greatness, but it has so much of what made those two films so wonderful to watch. Despite being made nearly twenty years later, its tone and style are almost entirely consistent -- understated but beautiful visual compositions, scenes allowed to breathe and…  
7732 I think that Vincent corlione is the best thing in this part 
7733 Watched this only because I'm going to Sicily in two weeks & planning to visit Teatro Massimo where the last act takes place. That's it. 
7734  You know, the older I get, the more I adore the first two Godfather movies. They were instant favourites from the first viewing, but they still find a way to improve. The same can't be said for The Godfather Part III. What was at first an instant 5, has slowly dropped to a 3.5 over the years.I do believe that this final entry in the iconic trilogy is a fantastic gangster flick on its own merits, but really struggles…  
7735  If you're a die-hard fan of the first two Godfather films, Part III will feel like a betrayal. With Al Pacino and Andy Garcia, the cast boasts some heavyweights, but it's not enough to save this installment from its 2.5-star rating. Sofia Coppola's wooden performance is painful to watch, making it clear she's no actress.The pacing drags like a horse-drawn hearse, and the absence of the high-octane action that made the originals memorable is sorely missed. Instead, we're treated…  
7736 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Ok, pero la muerte de Sofia Coppola es divertidísima  
7737 (Specifically Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone). Overall, the only Godfather film I hadn’t seen before and I think it’s a very great underrated final installment in the trilogy. A dark study of a man wanting to be better despite the past and present violence continuing to haunt him. 
7738 " النفوذ ينهك الذين لا يتمتعون به" 
7739  ❝Como eu posso me confessar, se eu não arrependo dos atos que eu fiz?❞—Michael CorleoneTava esperando que esse filme fosse ruim mas num é que bom!? 'Poderoso chefão:Ah morte de Michael Corleone' por muitos e considerado o pior da saga, isso eu concordo não está no nível dos outros 2 mas vc falar q é um má filme, isso eu irei discorda de ti. Tem alguns pontos positivos e tem pontos negativos que infelizmente vai afetar o saldo…  
7740  [CODA Cut]I'll be honest, I barely remember the first two Godfathers. I remembered liking them at the minimum and that still holds true, though I didn't adore them as much as the wide world does. A rewatch is due down the line, but before I do that I thought to finally check out the much maligned epilogue of the third film. My first experience with Godfather 3 is with the newest and highly praised CODA. Though I have not…  
7741  I wanted to do a long review for the trilogy, but I don't even have the words so these three films are powerful, memorable, moving.I admit that at the beginning it was sold to me so much that I expected a better film for the first part of the trilogy. I still continued, and I have to say that The Godfather trilogy is the best I've seen, I think the best films I've seen in my life. everything is…  
7742 Наконец-то я досмотрел эту великую трилогию. Остался я более чем доволен.Первый фильм из трилогии больше всего зашёл, не смотря на большой хронометраж смотреть было интересно, что не скажешь о втором, тут мне уже понравилось только сюжетная линия Вито, хотя у Майкла тоже были интересные моменты. Третий же фильм лично для меня оказался самым слабым и уже не таким интересным, но завершение истории Майкла всё равно удалась.Я не то чтобы полюбил эти фильмы, смотреть их было тяжело, но я признаю их заслуги и понимаю почему они получают столько оваций и похвалы. 
7743 The trilogy ended with lackluster. The plot was all over the place. I wasn't expecting to see a sloppy writing for this franchise but here we are. The incest storyline was so unnecessary, plus Michael atoning for his sins. There were some great moments here and there but honestly, Al Pacino and Diane Keaton carried this third film and the production should thank them. 
7744 its definitely the worst of the trilogy but its still great, feels very separate from the other two as the tone and style are completely different. Coppola making his daughter one of the leads is chad behaviour, pretty cool this led to her directing as well. these films are all shot so beautifully, its like looking at god himself. 
7745 vincent is so lana del rey vinyl 
7746 HATERS SAID THIS WAS DOOKIE. THEY SMEARED SOFIA COPPOLA'S NAME SAYING SHE COULDNT ACT. THEY SAID IT DIDN'T HOLD A CANDLE TO THE ORIGINALS. I STAND BEFORE YOU REBUKING THESE CLAIMS. PREGGO PREGGO. MASTERPIECE. 
7747 I feel like some of this was actually phenomenal but also some of it was pretty bad. Sofia Coppola was not the problem though; so idk what a bunch of boomer filmbros are on about (misogyny probably). Ultimately just feels like it retreads a lot of Part II’s point/message while also making a lot of nods to Part I. Diane Keaton, Andy Garcia, and of course, Al Pacino are great. *donkey noises* 
7748 Okay the donkey noise was impressive 
7749 Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone EditIt's been a very long time since I watched The Godfather: Part III. I remember very little, so I can't speak much to the differences between this edit, the directors cut, and the theatrical cut. This edit seems paced very well. Much of the story is wasted on me honestly.It's well done, but It feels like reading a book that I never was interested to read in the first place. 
7750  gurises. no entendí nada. estuve como 40 minutos convencido de que el cura asesino era el mismísimo —recientemente electo— PAPA JUAN PABLO I, y que actuaba solo como una especie de supervillano con sus 70 años de edad matando a todo el mundo sin piedad con sus tácticas infalibles y superioridad atlética.CÓMO VAN A CASTEAR A UN PAPA (QUE LO VEMOS DOS VECES EN TODA LA PELÍCULA) QUE ES IDÉNTICO AL SUPERVILLANO, QUE TAMBIÉN ES (O SE HACE PASAR…  
7751 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  'Now with more incest!'  
7752 Минус:-Прическа Аль ПачиноПлюс:-Наконец-то поняла прикол из Сопранос 
7753  'Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!'The sheer existence of THE GODFATHER PART III raised a lot of questions with yours truly. There was a lot of drama surrounding the first films creation, and it still came out a damn fine film. Then came Part II, which, well, is an unabated masterpiece. Not only where would you go from there, but why would you go on from there? Why even try? With that in…  
7754  A friend on Bluesky recently asked me, after checking out my Letterboxd account -which you can find at letterboxd.com/MikeyClaims/ - what was going to be the subject of my 1500th review on the site. And I was immediately taken aback by this question because, quite frankly, I had zero idea I was even near that amount of reviews. And then the pressure built up. Which movie should I discuss for my 1500th review. I thought about this for over a…  
7755  Holy shitI have a question, how in the hell did The Godfather: Part III get to be known as the black sheep of the trilogy? What does this film do differently to the first two that made so many people go "this ain't it, chief." I really don't understand. Yes, this film does something different from the first two, but isn't that what you'd want? I want an artist such as Francis Ford Coppola to reinvent himself, rather than…  
7756 First and last time watching this.Btw, I saw the Coda version but couldn't find it in here.There's only two scenes I like and one is literally a copy from Part II. 
7757 “Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgment.”In my opinion this film does not compare with all the nostalgia and quality of the first two films but it closes with a golden key one of the best stories told in cinema. 
7758 why would he cast his own daughter for that.. wtf 
7759 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   When The Simpsons made the meme of "Godfather three, good version" I always believed them, they are The Simpsons, they never fail me... Until now! I loved this movie, except for that last shot of Michael (I love him) alone and old man who died of pain...This movie shook me, I cried surprisingly because we didn't expect the death of his daughter. Good grief, I could understand how Micheal felt. Trying to move into the legitimateway even though…   
7760 Ayyyyyy Joey Zasa ya fuckin sonnuvabiiiiiiitch! Sorry nerds, I dig it! Organized crime is a manifestation of hyper-masculinity and is destined to leave you dead, alone and betrayed! The Godfather trilogy is the great American tragedy! 
7761 il ressemble à Sarkozy AHAHAHAH 
7762 Andy Garcia really got the cousin rizz 
7763 Pretty good, not in the same league as the first and second movie. But still enjoyable. 
7764  "Just when I thought I was out they pull me back in."The Godfather: Part III was so much worse than the two classics that preceded it simply because the movie wasn't made with the same level of passion from Francis Ford Coppola. He felt that the first two films had told the complete story and did not want to make another instalment in the series. He was right but of course, financial decisions come first and the studio Paramount…  
7765 Why was Michael the only sane one that was against that awful incest romance? 
7766 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Watched on 4K Ultra HD.Wow!The cousin fucking is really hard to get over. I totally forgot about the whole "we have to save the Pope!" bit.Today we watched Coppola's "final cut" aka "The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone."I did not like this new ending.Overall this movie did not need to be made.  
7767 Overhated movie tbh 
7768  Now although I do think this is definitely a step down from the first two films, it’s criminally overhated, it’s certainly a lot less interesting and the characters aren’t up to the standard of the first two (the exception being Micheal Corleone) and I also did like Vincent Mancini I think he’s a pretty cool character but apart from those two the other characters weren’t very memorableI did read a review on this film that not even Al Pacino…  
7769 Finally finished the trilogy and damn this one was boring.It doesn't feel like the other 2 at all. I didn't really like the romance plot they had going on and the vatican story was a bit weird too imo.The ending was intetesting but overall a really forgetable film. 
7770 No me gusta imaginar un mundo en donde el padrino III sea igual o mayormente mejor que la primera y segunda, literalmente hubiera dejado a los demás cineastas sin la motivación para hacer trilogías.Nerfeada por el bien del cine. 
7771 Demorei muito para terminar esse não vou mentir. Só me prendeu na parte do teatro/musical naquele suspense em saber se o Michael vai morrer ou não, não é um filme ruim mas não chega no chinelo dos dois primeiros. 
7772 1000 MOVIEI am really happy to have finally reached the thousand movies. I picked this one. I am not disappointed but I am not impressed either. I wouldn't mind giving it a four if it wasn't a MASSIVE step down from the first two. 
7773 Si las dos primeras peliculas quizás no me encantaron tanto como debería, esta ya mucho mucho menos. Si las primeras dos sobre todo la segunda, no me llegaron a enganchar, esta directamente me ha aburrido. Poco que salvar. Y sobre el final, sinceramente, no está mal, pero vamos, para hacer esto hubiese sido mejor terminar la saga e historia con el final de la segunda película. Me ha costado, pero porfin me he visto la trilogía entera.4.5/10 
7774 This definitely wasn’t as good as the second but it’s not as terrible as some say. I liked the cousin love story even if Sofia you weren’t a great actress. But you made lost in translation so I’ll forgive you. You look like dua lipa too. So I must have a type when it comes to picking wives. The “my lucky coat” scene was unnecessary and corny. It didn’t feel as much like a classic. But if you like this sort of thing I think it’s perfectly fine 6/10. 
7775 THE IRRELEVANT ONE🙏 
7776 Ruined my great Kung Fu Panda streak smh. 
7777  Definitely an improvement in the Coda cut. It's more focused and far less dull. In essence, it's shorter!A movie of a few magic moments - the confession, "they pulled me back in", the terror of the finale. Pacino, Keaton, Garcia, Shire and Hamilton (excellent in this) elevate the material - which largely seems to recycle too many ideas and narrative approaches from the two previous masterpieces. And the ascent of Vincent remains a far less convincing journey than Michael's.…  
7778  Se o estilo de vida do Michael afastou a todos da sua volta no final do segundo filme, aqui vemos mais das consequências, na reta final de sua vida aparece q nada valeu a pena, de fato se tornando o "padrinho", mas se sentindo tão vazio ao realizar seu objetivo, sem nem total ciência disso, Michael entra numa jornada de tenta reconciliar sua relações e vida, quando se torna um homem mais vulnerável, mas os males desse estilo de vida…  
7779 Den her fortjene ikke hate'en!Selvfølgelig leve den ikke opp til forgjengeran, men du kan ikke forvente at alle tre dartpilan treff bullseye. Den har et par svake element, spesielt en skuespiller prestasjon kremt. I tillegg, og det her e nok det æ mene skille den ifra de to forige, så e det overhengende plotet totalt uinteressant. Alt med kirka og gjør va bare unødvendig. Heldigvis bæres filmen av karaktera vi har bli sterkt knytta til, og dem gir universet den samme unike gløden fra tidligere.Alt i alt synes æ det her e en mer enn godkjent epilog, til en av filmhistoriens beste historia. 
7780 CODASuch a weird casting choice for your own daughter. 
7781 this movie felt like 20 hours long 
7782  Ou Mamma, vale que no tiene la fuerza de las 2 anteriores, pero ya me gustaría a mí que las pelis que salen hoy en día fueran la mitad de buenas que esta.Han pasado muchos años y Al Pacino pierde un poco de fuelle respecto a las anteriores, los antagonistas tmb son más flojitos y bueno el politiqueo que hay de por medio no es tan potente como las tramas mafiosas de las otras dos, pero esque claro, las…  
7783 imagine casting ur own daughter as a character with an incest plotline... i would still give my stomach acid to look as pretty as her tho 
7784 Robert Duvall was truly the soul of these movies 
7785 This movie is underated many people say this movie is awful when yes it's not all good it's definitely a good movie it's underated and I do like it but there is no denying the fact that the godfather part 3 is the worst in the trilogy. 
7786 michael corleone em: tudo de ruim que poderia acontecer com uma pessoa aconteceu comigo 
7787  • Serviceable if bloated intrigue. Thematically weak, relies heavily on contrived parallelism to the first installment. Technically mediocre, though it does have massive shoes to fill. It didn’t really feel like three hours, but we took a break for second dinner halfway through which is bound to skew that assessment (I had tasty mozzarella sticks and a meh tofu wrap).• There’s no way to make a plot about doing a hostile takeover of the Vatican/the Vatican’s business interests not…  
7788 more linear and easy to follow than the other two, though i can’t decide whether that’s a good thing or not. i’m torn because this movie is obviously beautiful but it fails to compare. still very underrated in my opinion, there’s a lot that i like about it 
7789 it’s bad, not as bad as people say it is, but still bad if you have the other two godfather movies as a standard 
7790 SOFIA COPPOLA ACTING LOL, she looks like she's going to puke at any moment !! 
7791 ok ya not as good but the opera sequence was so JUICY i forgive francis ford coppola for the horny cousins subplot.sofia was not great but i still think the hate she gets for this performance is mostly bc farty incels can’t deal w a woman getting more than 2 mins of screen time in their pew pew gun man movie kay literally loml she looked so good in this & her and michael being all cute n flirty at the opera made me so happy. diane keaton u are mother to a lot of these bitches!! 
7792 NOOOOO💔💔💔💔💔💔💔SOFIAAA🥺😱😭😭😭😭😭😢😿🙀💔💔 
7793 michael corleone wailing gif 
7794 Vaya cierre tan perfecto para una trilogía perfecta. 
7795  I have decided to give this movie my coveted "Not Actually As Bad As Its Reputation Suggests Award™".I don't know, it's definitely a cut below Godfathers I & II, but I genuinely can't say that I thought it was all that bad. If you can stomach some fairly on-the-nose religious symbolism (which I can) and Italian opera (which I usually can't, unless interspersed with a large helping of suspense and some decently executed action scenes), this should have just enough…  
7796 You know what? Just bc of this movie, Kung Fu Panda trilogy >>> The Godfather trilogy 
7797 watched this while writing my personal statement…………. 
7798  Finally checked out this Coda cut, like I always say I do not understand the dismissal of this final film. It’s not even close to terrible, in fact the more I see it, the more I keep loving it. I think opening this cut the way they did was good, is it better? I honestly have no idea, I’ve always been a fan of this one regardless. I will say this viewing today was definitely my favorite of this one…  
7799  I went into this with pretty low expectations but then quickly realized of course what I had heard was overblown. It’s not as put together as the first two, he’s trying lots of new things here and some of it kind of takes the film to a tone that wasn’t present in the first two films. There’s still so much artistry here and so much respect for its characters. It’s far more operatic with its scenes which makes sense given…  
7800 Actually wasn't that bad. I watched the Coda version so I'm not sure what the difference is to the other versions so I would have to look it up, but it was watchable. After all I read about Sofia Coppola's performance I was eager to see how bad it was and it was pretty fucking horrible where it turned out to be outright hilarious. This was obviously a major step down for the other 2 films, but it still was an entertaining conclusion to the trilogy. 
7801 Disclaimer: I watched the director's cut. I had previously heard some of the complains of The Godfather: Part III so I knew beforehand that it wasn't gonna be near the level of the first two films. Not really surprising considering The Godfather Part I and Part II together are pretty much perfect so there was no other way to go but down. With that said, The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone proved to be an interesting and somewhat satisfying conclusion to the trilogy, despite some casting choices, it all ended alright. 
7802 CODA - eh, I don't see a huge difference between this and the original version. Still don't like it, and I still stand by Andy Garcia being the worst actor in this movie. 
7803 The shortest of the three seemed the longest. He loses too much, the fascinating thing about the world of The Godfather, in addition to Michael, are all the characters that surround him, Tom, Sonny, Fredo, Clemenza, Vito, Clemenza, Sollozzo, Tessio and another one, here all the characters that accompany Michael are little interesting and don't help the plot move interestingly, Kay, Zasa, Altobello, Anthony, Connie, the only ones that make a real difference are Vincent and Mary (has to say Sofia acts terrible) 
7804  My Rating: 7.7/10IMDb Rating: 7.6/10Metascore: 60/100Undoubtably, the greatest fault of The Godfather: Part III is that it follows two of the best films ever made. Sure, it is half-baked and not quite as layered as its predecessors, but that should not discount its standalone quality. What you get is a satisfied ending to the Corleone-era, mixed in with some deceit, lies and incest. However, unlike the first two films, we see a very intrapersonal side to Michael…  
7805  I was always of the opinion The Godfather Part II does in its final moments what Part III cannot seem to manage in its entire runtime, the ships having sailed and the bridges being burnt with little else worth returning to. The recut version of the film entitled Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone is more conscious of its responsibilities as an epilogue than the previous edition, this cut whilst never reaching the artistic heights of its predecessors much less…  
7806 Ahhhh I hate that I didn’t like this, I was thinking heck the haters I’m going to spend $30 on the 4K because there all just liars. They didn’t lie and they were right, it kinda sucks. I’m not going to say why it sucked because I’m sure half a million people already did but gahdamn Sofia that was some awful acting 😂😂 
7807 I dunno what's going on with people who disown this one and love part II. I saw them both for the first time this week and they feel remarkably similar for being made 16 years apart. This one even has a couple of the most memorable images of the series. The Vatican banker hanging from a bridge comes to mind. Funny also that this one gets into Gladio-adjacent intrigue but only in a very shallow sense. The involvement of the CIA in Vatican affairs and even likely in the death of John Paul I is a much wilder story 
7808  Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneNot sure about how this new cut subtracts Michael's literal death from the original Part III. Watching it for the first time back in high school, I felt that such an unceremonious demise was right for a character who spent most of his life exchanging blood and money in the name family. The image of an old man taking nothing but grief and abject failure to his grave not two minutes after watching his…  
7809  Truly, Coppola knew what was best for the saga when he called this Coda. It consistently works best as an epilogue, when the pulpiest, soapiest aspects of this great American tragedy unwind in the same literal cul-de-sac its violent curse condemned it to revolve endlessly around, just slower and sloppier with time. The spiral staircase cruelly unveiled for a cheap Penrose trick, the ascension flattened to a dull and deadening repetition. Sicily fertilized its fields with crimson, cyclical vengeance long before…  
7810 not quite as solid as the other two but it had its moments. some of the bplot stuff was kinda dumb and convoluted; all the best scenes were the ones of michael being old and sad and consumed with regrets.... i know a lot of ppl dislike the ending but i think its good and it fits. also shoutout to the poisoned cannoli you'll always be famous 
7811  Version : The Godfather Coda : The Death Of Michael CorleoneJ'avais très peu de souvenir de cette troisième partie donc, avec ce nouveau montage, j'ai eu l'impression de donner une vraie deuxième chance au film. Ça n'accote pas les deux autres, un remontage peut pas faire des miracles, mais je crois que tous les fans de la saga doivent voir cette version là. The Godfather Coda est à l'image de ce que Coppola et Puzo ont voulu faire dès…  
7812 THE anti mafia movie. Vincent killing those dudes at the beginning is a cinema shifting moment; so frigid, so not “cool”. None of it is cool. But it’s not grimdark either, its flat realism and lack of narrative propulsion (movie is an ocean, not a lap pool) serve the humanity of the film. Because compassion is the undoing of all popular misunderstandings of the first two Godfather films. They’re all incredible films, but this one to me feels the most radical still. 
7813 (Watched Francis' newest edit, Coda: The Death of Micheal Corleone)Yeah, I haven't seen the original cut so I don't know how much better this is, but I really liked it. A fitting conclusion for the Godfather series that is primarily focused on the idea of whether Micheal Corleone can ever be redeemed. Absolutely loved the cinematography and the usage of silhouettes. The entire climax at the opera is lovely. As for negatives, The cousin subplot takes me out of it, and the business stuff is needlessly complicated, but otherwise, really good movie! 
7814 “when i'm dead, i'm gonna be really smart”this movie wasn’t necessary but it wasn’t a bad movie at all.btw the fact that al pacino never got an oscar for his portrayal of michael corleone is beyond me. 
7815 I’m gonna go ahead and say it. I absolutely loved this movie. Was it as good as part 1 and 2? No. Is it flawed? Yes? Is Sofia Coppola’s preformance one of the worst ever and drags the movie down by alot? Also yes. Does this mean its a bad movie? Absolutely fucking not. I cried 2 times in the film and im damn proud of it. 9.5/10 if you like the first 2, watch thisEDIT: A year later i take it back, this movie is not good if i ever rewatch i will explain why 
7816 look how they massacred my girl mary ….. 
7817 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  This one was just adequate. The cinematography is great as per usual and the acting is still as phenomenal as ever (maybe except Sofia Coppola), but the tone ranges from being just like The Godfather to being NOTHING like The Godfather. Seriously, what the living hell was that helicopter massacre? It doesn't make a lick of sense and it serves no purpose in the story at all.  
7818 they were really just doing anything in this film 
7819  Who knew after 2+ re-edits of Apocalypse Now (1979) that Coppola would’ve given that kind of attention to the right film. The Godfather III (1990) is definitely better for having been meddled with than not. Ultimately, the new cut is just an aggressive retrim, mostly focusing on cutting down the bloat and giving the film a tighter feel overall. I’m not sure why so many people go into this thinking they’re going to cut out a character, as narrative storytelling…  
7820 No, I don't think there's anything to be misunderstood about this one 
7821 Não entendo a galera que fala mal, sim entendo a Sofia Coppola é péssima, atuação merda, romance porre, o Andy garcia tá só ok, pelo menos o Al salva lá e tem umas cenas pqp de ruim, dasofia fazendo massa pqp, mas esse filme como finalização acho bem bom, é muito inferior aos 2, mas ainda acho bem bom nota 8/10 
7822  The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (2020)This particular cut of Francis Ford Coppola’s The Godfather Part III (1990) is way overhyped in my humble opinion and not just by the critics, but by Coppola himself. I was expecting more than I got, especially after the director’s teasing introduction. Something along the lines of Apocalypse Now: Redux (2001) with its inclusion of deleted scenes would have met my expectancy levels, but that wasn’t to be.The original start…  
7823  The problem with this movie is that we all know it's backstage drama. We all know Coppola's financial struggle at the time, the Wynona thing, the little creative freedom, the Pacino-Duvall money problem, the lack of time for rewriting, even editing, all those things. But you know what? even with all that, the movie is actually more than good. Too convoluted? As are the other two movies, the plot is very complex and confusing most of the time in the…  
7824 Walau beberapa aspek yang bikin2 film sebelumnya luar biasa, tetapi konflik dan alur di film ini masih sangat menarik diikuti dan masih banyak memorable moment 
7825  My memory of this movie was that while it wasn't as good as the iconic first two, it was still very good and wrongly maligned. After watching it again (for the first time in maybe three decades) I readily admit I was wrong. I do think that Sofia is a scapegoat in a film that isn't at all her fault. It's true that she isn't very good, but neither is anybody else (except maybe Andy Garcia). Al is in over-the-top…  
7826 When you outside and smell that Zasa 
7827 Look how Coppola massacred my boy 
7828  **this review is for the 2020 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone re-edit**taking ford coppola at his word, that this is meant to be an epilogue to the first two (and was always intended to be), the name change alone fixes many issues i had with the original part III.streaming era brain worms has me feeling like this is like a quick HBO miniseries, and in many ways it works much better that way. to me,…  
7829 This shows that you can escape your actions but they will never stop bringing you pain. What a freaking trilogy 
7830  The Godfather Part 3 is an underwhelming movie that feels unnecessary to the story. It lacks the charm, significance, enjoyment, direction, and passion that is noticeable in the first 2. I take many issues with this film, but first I’ll start with the elephant in the room. Sofia Coppola cannot act for shit in this movie. As a new character who we are supposed to connect with, she makes it really hard with her one note and stiff performance. I…  
7831 it’s all that brats fault marythe plot is just as fucking good. just stunning but just terrible actors and characters since they didn’t have most of the old onesAND WHY INCEST WHY. WHAT. 
7832 The film was beautiful. Some of the line delivery was a bit cringe. Is it the weakest one in the trilogy? Maybe. Do I want Sofia Coppola to carve her name onto my chest with a rusty razer? Yes. I started crying in the theatre. This is a work of art. Definitely over hated. 
7833 Run at thunder girl! thunder can't hurt! Harmless noise! bullshit! you deceitful old fuck Altobello you fuck!!Fredo! Fredo! 
7834  This isn't a soul-less cash grab. The intentions were good. It just doesn't come together as a whole. Coppola's decline throughout the 80s is certainly to blame. He no longer has much command over his performers. The writing is very sloppy. The score and visuals are really all that carry over from the original 2 films. Yet there are some sweepingly high moments scattered throughout. The issue is, they don't carry much weight. The final conclusion at the opera house…  
7835 "just when I think I'm done, they pull me back"-myself this morning remembering there is in fact a third godfather movie 
7836 Not as good as the first two, but it’s tough to compare to two of the greatest movies of all time. I love this trilogy so much. 
7837 i dont like this movie 
7838  “mary, he’s your first cousin.”“then i love him first.”i’m starting off this review by saying that the re-evaluation of sofia coppola’s performance in this will be happening in the very near future, i’m sure of it (i’m still not fully sure if it should be re-evaluated, but i know that it’ll happen!).additionally, the entire opera sequence is incredible, it’s truly some of the best filmmaking in the entire trilogy. also, i was going to say that bridget fonda…  
7839 So, we finally finished the trilogy. This wasn’t as bad as we thought it might be. Andy Garcia did make it interesting! Al Pacino is definitely still Michael but trying to become more legitimate? I liked seeing Kay supporting her children. But Vincent & Mary? Nope.The ending was not as good as Part I but held fast to this story. I called the ending but was still shocked and felt like yelling, just like Kay.Also, watch out for the 🍊 🍊 🍊… 
7840 Mom and I's Godfather-athon comes to an end. 
7841  I chose to watch the theatrical cut first to see exactly what it was people have been sneering at for 32 years but I never found it. Sofia is an amateur but people make too much of amateurishness in acting. Her delivery of "dad?" at the end of the film honestly wrecked me. One man's wooden acting is another man's Bresson I suppose. Speaking of Bresson, howabout the shot of their hands making pasta?Part III is the closest of…  
7842 I would never call it the weakest film of the trilogy it's just the third most impressive in a absolutely unreal trilogy.The whole show sequence is outstanding, and keeps you gripped and on the edge of your seat, it makes the whole scene it's leading up to even more emotional. 
7843 Es gibt viel wunderbares im dritten Paten: V.a, wie sich Michael immernoch als der Gentlemgauner geeiert, der so etwas wie einen Moralkodex hat; wir wissen, das stimmt nicht. Wie er sich dann beschwert, die wahren Gangster würden „heute“ wo anders lauern.Sicherlich ist das Alles ein bisschen überladen, aber ich denke man kann Coppola nicht dankbar genug dafür sein, dass er nie den einfachen Weg in seinen Filme wählte und auch im dritten Teil der Corleone Saga probierte, eine gewisse Radikalität zu bewahren.Ich wage mich mal weit aus dem Fenster und behaupte, Teil 3 ist interessanter als Teil 2. Vielleicht nicht besser, aber interessanter. 
7844  Filmdeki saçmalıklar hakkında bir liste:- Sofia Copolla yerine evimdeki muhabbet kuşum daha iyi oynardı- KOSKOCA Tom Hagen'ı böyle mahvetmeye utanmadınız mı ulan?- Tom ve Sonny'nin diğer çocukları resmen aniden yok olmuş. - Sofia'nın yanında Andy Garcia'da çok kötü, filmin cringe faktörleri resmen. Yani sevdiceğin ölmüş orda sen mal mal bakıyorsun. Hiç beğenmedim burdaki oyunculuğunu, bu karakteri direkt silseler de olurdu.-Filmin sonunu beğenemedim. Aklımda bir sürü soru var, acil part IV lazım!fakat...Bu film The Godfather…  
7845 Michael Corleone concludes his descent by becoming a finance bro. Respect to Coppola for making his Banco Ambrosiono X The Godfather fan fiction include an incest storyline starring his own daughter. That aside, CODA cut good. 
7846 Jesus christ, why too much exposure about this incest couple? So much unnecessary scenes, just give us a hint we get it...both of them are so cringey to watch.But I still appreciate the flow of the story it's still great tho but not as expected... 
7847 It was nothing at all compared to 1 and 2. Some of the acting was awful. 
7848 Glad Coppola gave the people what they wanted: a subplot about cousin fucking! 
7849 Atleast the incest wasn’t as disgusting as Al Pacino’s haircut. 
7850 Nothing like a love story between two first cousins 
7851 Lehet, hogy a leggyengébb Keresztapa-film, de még így is a legjobb gengszterfilm a Nagymenők évében: (1) Coppolánál nem ripacskodnak a színészek mint Scorsese-nél, akkor sem, ha ezért hálás nekik a publikum; (2) precízen felépített drámai történet zajlik epizodikus alvilági katasztrófa-turizmus helyett, (3) Michael Corleonét harmadjára is lezúzzák egy kőkemény családi/érzelmi konfliktussal (Pacino meg is hálálja, gyönyörűen) és (4) minden helyszín megkapja a maga vizuális járandóságát a Nagymenők dögunalmasan egységes képi világával szemben - (5) Sofia Coppola annyira nem odavaló, hogy attól már kurvára odavaló lesz, ez az évtized legbátrabb casting-bravúrja. (MOM, Budapest) 
7852 The fact this can lean on the first two really does cover a world of sinI wanted to know what happened to Michael Corleone, the score and cinematography are still great and it's that same world of intrigue that even when it's a little convoluted you find yourself nodding along with, it's so convincing. But the writing was so much weaker here and that was just it's biggest problem. 
7853 Coda Cut makes the movie significantly more parseable, less emotionally historonic and removes some of the more notoriously embarrassing scenes (goodbye seduction by gnocci).Strangely enough i am not convinced that any of this is actually to the film's benefit.Not sorry it exists but i think i'll stick with theatrical for my every other year trilogy revisit. 
7854 They pull me back in!Uma das minhas favoritas da história do cinema. O filme já não me pega TANTO assim, mas eu gosto. 
7855  The Godfather Part III is a dissapointing conclusion to what could have been the best trilogy of all time. Even if Ford Coppola is a great director, the rest of the elements in here are quite bland, making the film overall lackluster. Al Pacino is terrific; the film works best when it’s a psychological deconstruction of Michael Corleone. The attacks/death scenes are very well done as well. My main issue is basically that I don’t like Andy García in general…  
7856 🤌🏽🤌🏽🤌🏽 
7857 This is definitely an interesting one. I feel like there’s a lot here that works as a good bookend to the trilogy. There’s some great performances and an ever bigger ensemble. There’s the obvious casting of Coppola’s daughter that leads to some weird plot lines. The film can also try too hard to recapture the magic of the original. Overall, the film just doesn’t hit the mark of the previous 2. 
7858  Perhaps this isn't fair, but I couldn't help but think of the Cousin Oliver trope with regard to the character of Vincent. A new character added to an establish sitcom that throws off the dynamic somewhat. In this case, Michael Corleone - one of the best characters in cinema - is set to the side for much of the conclusion to the epic.No doubt he's still a player here. And there is *some* reckoning with the merciless moves he…  
7859  [The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone]By no means a bad film. There are some truly great moments in this which are sadly just bogged down by many very mediocre and uninteresting parts, like the fucked up incest subplot between Vincent and Mary, or much of Michael's business deals that I just don't care for. The first half of the film is especially guilty of sections like that, and I found the latter one to be superior in…  
7860 this is not bad, y’all are lying !! 
7861 vincent my love <3 
7862 Même si ca n'a pas le même éclat que les 2 premières parties, ca reste un excellent film. 
7863 Pretty good, but not a patch on the first two. 
7864 Michael Corleone Facepalming At People: The Movie 
7865 noooo you're so fineeee don't commit incest ahahaaa 
7866  It’s so much better than most people will remember. But Jesus, what a mess of a film. Everything is turned up to 11. Garcia (whom I love in it), Eli Wallach (whom I don’t), the action (bye bye garroting, hello uzis), the incest, the soundtrack. Subtlety does not feature in this episode. Corleone asking who would have the muscle to pull off the helicopter attack, I’m asking the same question about the movie producers?Failed contract negotiations meant Coppola had to…  
7867 this one isn’t even that bad. it’s a drag but honestly we get some of the best Kay- Michael development throughout the trilogy. the finale sequence is pretty gut wrenching and I literally almost cried. I’ll probably never have a craving to revisit this one like I do the other two but hey, it’s not the worst movie ever made and y’all def need to chill. 
7868 الصراحة، مب نفس اول متابعة، بل افضل، طبعا مو بنفس مستوى اول اثنين، و مشاكله كثيرة اكبرها التسارع بالنسبة لي، لكن كفلم كامل لا يزال ممتاز. -و احب اشكر النقاد لانهم كانو سبب انتقال صوفيا كوبولا من امام الكاميرا الى خلفها🙌🏻-٧.٥-٨ /١٠ 
7869 Note: This is for the Coda cut, which is an improvement on a movie I've always had a soft spot for anyway. 
7870 FINALLY someone dared to ask the question: “what if The Godfather was mid?” 
7871 My thoughts haven’t changed much since I last saw Coda. IMO, I think general audiences who watch this concentrate too much on the surface level rather than the rich tapestry underneath. I also think it’s very telling that in the physical media release for the 50th anniversary, Coda gets it own 4K disc, while the original Part III is on a 4K Bonus disc. Makes you think. 
7872  I suppose this is the place for The Godfather Part III, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, a dreadful title in light of this particular edit, which closes on a man putting sunglasses on for no apparent reason. There are elements of a coda, reprising old moments and charactersat the end of a piece. It is definitely the best form that I've seen of the movie (though I can't be sure which cuts I have seen). It cuts rather than…  
7873 “I love music.” - Michael Corleone 
7874  It’s a satisfying finale to the trilogy, but it can’t help but feel like the third wheel, after the first two are flawless. There is a lot I liked here. The acting is generally good, and Al Pacino really gives his all one last time as Michael Corleone. Also certain scenes were great, especially the ending scene, which was super intense. However you can’t help but feel certain issues. Some of the dialogue is pretty weak, and some of the…  
7875  Not nearly as bad as I had been led to believe. Watched the 'Coda' version of the film - not sure how it differs from the theatrical version, but I think it's more tightly edited as the runtime is a bit shorter.Just a few thoughts - Sofia clearly should have taken more classes before acting in this. Luckily she can direct and if this got her to that point in her career, then more power to it.But the…  
7876 I haven’t seen the *new* cut of this film yet, just the original.This film gets way too much disrespect, when it’s still a thrilling, dense and intriguing crime drama.Pacino’s Michael Corleone is one of cinemas greatest characters, and he delivers a terrific performance in his send off. Wow.I’ll concede that the third instalment isn’t as good as it’s two masterpiece predecessors, but it isn’t a bad film by any stretch either.A fitting and bittersweet conclusion to the trilogy, intrigued to see the new Coppola cut eventually too. 
7877 Who can blame Mary for falling for her cousin, when her cousin looks like Andy Garcia!The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone fixes many of the issues that the original cut had, so much so that it almost feels like a worthy epilogue to Michael’s story.However, no amount of editing can fix Sofia Coppola’s acting or Robert Duvall’s noticeable absence 
7878 Watched the Coda version.Obviously not as good as the previous instalments - feels kind of like a TV movie, but it’s watchable. Poor Sofia , she’s not the greatest actress but she made The Virgin Suicides so I’ll give her a pass. Andy Garcia has a pretty face but he is phenomenally hairy which I find off putting. Also Pacino gets the ‘just when I thought I was out they pulled me back in’ line which was nice. 
7879 I saw the more recent “Coda” cut and even the new scene of sofia coppola saying “i must go now. my planet needs me” and flying away couldn’t save this mess. godfather 3: “the godfather 3 of movie sequels!” 
7880  This movie was truly baffling, it felt like a parody of The Godfather that would be on a TV in Home Alone 2. Doesn’t mean it was irredeemable though, on paper this is an excellent film. Seeing Michael equally as sullen but more pathetic is a subversive decision, burdened by his familial connections instead of bolstered by them, and having to face a new breed of Soprano-esque crime bosses that render him defunct is theoretically brilliant. Equally, the 70s setting…  
7881 Would’ve been a classic if it wasn’t so CRINGE 
7882  If Godfather 1 and 2 are the story of a good man who losses his soul, then The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone is the story of a man trying desperately to regain it and ultimately failing. I think that this solid story is definitely present in the original cut of Godfather 3 but this new directors cut trims away a lot of the fat in that film, creating a much more streamlined experience that allows Michael's arc…  
7883  There were some things that I really liked about this movie, but unfortunately overall, The Godfather Part III just wasn't terribly interesting and honestly failed to keep my attention for a decent portion of the runtime. The whole cousin thing was pretty weird, and the character of Vincent wasn't particularly interesting to me. However, I do feel like the overall story was wrapped up pretty well, and I thought the ending was very well done. Michael's change of heart and…  
7884 Coda version was just as boring sorry puzo 
7885 Me 🤝 michael corleonefacepalming during the entire film[recut version] 
7886 le film est un peu ennuyant, ça manque de bons acteurs et Al Pacino ressemble a Xavi mais la fin est bien franchement. 
7887 Muy buenaViendo el nuevo montaje, el epílogo de la mejor trilogía de la historia queda perfecto, donde nos muestra lo que es la muerte en vida. 
7888 porfin termine la trilogia 🙏🏼a pesar de todo lo que habia leeido sobre la tercera entrega esta me parecio bastante buena y a la altura de la saga. Es obvio que las primeras 2 son superiores pero nada, en verdad me gusto esta tercera parte con un gran cierre 
7889 El final de esta película me arruinó la vida para siempre, no puede ser. Diría que era más feliz sin haberla visto pero me gustó tanto que es imposible. 
7890  Eh. All of the pieces are in place but it completely lacks any of the emotional resonance that the first two carry. I liked a lot of the framing and lighting choices and Pacino does a fine job, but for being the shortest in the trilogy this is a bit of a slog to get through. There are those few moments that do shine though, particularly some of the scenes between Michael and Kay and the very tense opera house…  
7891 The Lost Daughter was amazing but there are scenes in this thing that make you second guess if you're watching Sofia Coppola or Tommy WiseauThe two coldest lines and they happen back to back:"Tonight the Corleone family settles it's accounts""Fuck him"And the ending! Oh it made me cry. For its couple of misses, its hits more than compensate for me 
7892  Leave it alone, it’s perfectly fine! Of course it’s the worst of the franchise, there’s no question, I do have my issues with it: The plot is pretty much all over the place, most of the movie’s intrigue is only around Vincent and Mary, which was weird as hell. The ending is too quick and sharp for  me to have enough time to digest it. And finally, Tommy Wiseau would have played a so much better Mary Corleone! So why…  
7893 wbiglb 
7894  What an incredible, bafflingly steep drop in quality from the first two. I’m not sure why, but nothing is as good as it should be. The acting is weaker, the script and story are worse, hell, even the music isn’t as good. For the first time in these movies, I didn’t care and I wasn’t engaged. I could not have cared any less about any of the characters (except Michael and Kay). However, it does have some good things, really…  
7895 the fact that he was awarded the order of st. sebastian and never remarried…says a lot 
7896 I've always liked Part III more than a lot of folks, and this is a great version of a great film. The climax remains breathtaking, as do several scenes along the way.(This was The Godfather: Coda, which I guess Letterboxd decided no longer gets its own page?) 
7897  The Godfather Part 3 is not the steaming pile of shite that it’s reputation would have you believe. Rather it’s an undercooked dish served by a director who was not only under studio pressure to complete a trilogy but also because he was bankrupt following some commercial failures in the early 1980’s.Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo’s story is good, but the screenplay is sketchy. Al Pacino’s Michael Corleone is presented with an opportunity to reach the very highest…  
7898 That ending 💔💔💔 
7899  Vi ambas versiones como la orinal como la muerte de Michael CorleoneSi es la primera vez que ves esta película les recomiendo la última versión de la muerte de Michael Corleone esta en HBO MAXLa verdad me gusto más la última versión y mejora mucho la película eso si no cambia nada radical de ella.Ahora si vamos con la reseña de la película en generalEl padrino 3 si se siente que quiere abarcar mucho, pero apesar…  
7900 Tons of weird acting and story choices. Al was still good. I missed Tom.Coda version 
7901 You know if you recast Sophia Coppola (i know she was a last minute casting in this), renamed all the characters, amended a couple of plot points and called this something else, it would be more fondly remembered... Can we get this as the next redux version from Coppola, the non Godfather cut of Godfather 3 - "The Vatican Bank scandal". 
7902 Al Pacino's shitty old-age makeup is actually brilliant because it's a metaphor for how watching this movie ages you by 50 years 
7903  The often considered weak link of the trilogy, I can see that, it’s not as good as the first two nor do I enjoy it as much as the first two but it’s by no means the shit fest some people will have you believe it is. It feels different to the other Godfather films but at the same time it does feel like the other Godfather films. It’s the one film out of the trilogy that Pacino didn’t get a…  
7904 Bu ne harika final sahnesiydi böyle... 
7905 “coda: the death of michael corleone”say what you will about this last film, it’s doesn’t live up to the first two fine but, is still an amazing, awe inspiring, emotional epic that deserves more respect the imagery alone is insane and the best i’ve ever seen even before seeing a single scene from the movie i had so many of the shots etched in my mind, al pacino had me tearing up in that last scene in front of the opera house 
7906 www.revistainterludio.com.br/?p=2593 
7907  This is definitely a controversial opinion: the newly re-edited conclusion to The Godfather trilogy is the second-best film in the series. It's meditative, completely ensconced in its characters and romantically symmetrical to the 1972 film, which in a way pays due homage both to Mario Puzo and to the original movie. I fully realize some folks will gladly point out how convoluted the plot is (it isn't) and that Sofia Coppola's performance wasn't up to snuff (it was), but I…  
7908  like it’s honestly not bad- obviously not the best out of the trilogy by any means, but not awful. i thought the last 40 mins or so were super powerful, particularly on the vatican steps and then the very end. (my padre even cried y’all... that’s saying something). it reminds you michael is human and even makes me feel SAD for him and his family. a downside for me was def the cousin thing, uh... anyway, i also got confused…  
7909 serinin açık ara en zayıf filmi ama sonlara doğru duvardan duvara fırlatmayı başardı 
7910 this movie has such a warm color palette ahhhhhhhthe spec script for part III would’ve been so much betterthey just waited tooo long to make this and didn’t even make any effort to bridge the gap from part II 
7911 this movie is great, don’t be dicks 
7912 yikesssss 
7913 لو بنتكلم عن سلسلة " العراب " ( بالمقارنة مع الأول والثاني ) فـ الفيلم سيء للأسفلكن لو نبي نتكلم عن فيلم جانبي مو متصل ابدًا مع هالسلسلة العظيمة راح اقول فيلم جميل جدًا من أحداث وأخراج ، وحتى الممثلين بـ استثناء " آل باتشينو " كان ادائهم جيد •فيلم رائع واستمتعت بـ مشاهدته ❤️ 
7914 Like any subpar sequel, The Godfather: Part III relies too much on tributing its two iconic predecessors. It certainly pales in comparison, but I genuinely admire that final montage. Finish it off with a gut-punch of a finale that suits as a fitting way to end the story of Michael Corleone.5.5/10 
7915 Gotta give him an oscar for the most boring movie everfucking hated it 
7916 ليتك صملت على رفضك يا كوبولا ولا سويت هالجزء 
7917 La idea instalada popularmente de que "El Padrino 3" es la más floja de la trilogía es la clara muestra del mundo de 'definiciones constantes' en el que vivimos y en el que no existen los matices. 
7918  Done re-watchin The Godfather TriologyPart 1 & 2 were 5/5 as usual. And I prefer part 1 over 2.When it comes to part 3 it was decent but when we compare it with first 2 parts it's not that GOD tier thing.Felt like some romance drama movie rather than crime genre also no mafia vibes. Missed the presence of Tom Hagen.Also felt colour grading lacking, maybe I liked older ones. The whole love drama between Mary and…  
7919 Coda Version!! 
7920 Do you think Michael lived to see 9/11? 
7921 The best movie to watch if interested in sensual gnocchi cooking! 
7922 the ending.. 
7923 My grief knows no bound. 
7924 hey remember this good movie? if we keep showing you clips from these good movies will you like this one please? 
7925 I had a sick day so I didn’t go to school, I had time on my hands so I decided to watch this. It’s definitely overhated, yeah Sofia isn’t a very talented actress, but that still doesn’t mean it’s a bad film. I liked it yeah, but it’s for sure the worst from the trilogy. 
7926 “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in”TODOS TE ODEIAM, MAS EU TE AMO!!!!!!!! E sim eu entendo todas críticas e problemas apenas não me importo com elas é isso galera obrigada e filme favoritado com sucesso 
7927 Was initially very hard on this but gave it a second viewing and felt it was a decent ending to Michael's story arc but i wished we saw more of Vincent as Don and the film is about 30-45 minutes too short imo. And Sofia Coppola's acting definitely gets this film a bad reputation. When you compare this to part 1 and 2, it's terrible but as a standalone film it's not that bad. But as it is supposed to be the epic ending to an incredible and iconic trilogy it is still a huge let down. 
7928 Best ending out of all of them. The Coda cut rocks. 
7929 Brb gonna write 30 page essay about the opera scene 
7930 it wasn’t so bad, but the last scenes could have been more heartbreaking if mary wasn’t played by sofia coppola. 
7931 serinin en iyisini kırkıncı kez izledim. bu filmi beğenmemiş olsaydım bile günah çıkarma sahnesi için benden helalinden bir beş yıldız ve kalp alırdı. teşekkürler al pacino, gözümü şenlendiriyorsun. 
7932 Sweet Home Alabama 🤠 
7933 Watched Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. I didn’t remember much about the original so I can’t really compare the two. This movie is good but it’s just missing something. Coppola is such a different filmmaker coming off the 80s than he was in 72 and 74. The vibe is off relative to the other two. 
7934 Grand and operatic, even though it is the weakest of the trilogy. The most violent and bloody film of the trilogy in some ways too. 
7935  When I heard about this cut, I assumed it would be essentially the same film, but made better through a new beginning, new ending, and some new edits here and there (with maybe some re-ordering of scenes). What I didn’t expect was for this film to get worse upon future viewings (compared to the first two: which I enjoy even more upon multiple viewings), but expected the edits to actually improve it somewhat. Short-version: Andy Garcia is still phenomenal, the…  
7936 Why did they ruin the franchise? 
7937 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  نهاية عظيمه لسلسلة عظيمه، خلصت دموعي برضاء تام،اختيار الكاتب لماري عشان تموت اختيار 100% عبقري رهيب لانهاء السلسله لان احتمال موت اي شخص غيرها من الاغتيال مثل مايكل مثلاً مارح ينهي السلسله بشكل عميق ومقفل مثل هذه النهايه وكانت بتكون سلسله مفتوحه من المايكلات. كوني حركت الاحداث بهذي السلسله وكانت عظيم هادئه ومتزنه.شعور الذنب والندم الي حاسس فيه مايكل طول الفلم على قتله لاخوه مؤلم جداً ودرس عظيم.دور فينسينت طريقه ردود فعله المشابهه لابوه.ب اول 20 دقيقه كنت اضحك بلقطات بالفلم على عكس باقي الاجزاء وبالنهايه خلصو دموعي  
7938 Évidemment moins bon que les deux premiers mais cette moyenne Letterboxd est un pur scandal 
7939  My late grandfather told me when I was 10 years old...”Never watch Godfather 3. It spoils the series.”I thought that I would listen to him until I saw the ultimate greatness that is Godfather 2. After seeing that, I needed to know how this shit wraps up! Shortly after...Coppola announced the release of his “Coda Cut” of Part 3, which would give the film a new beginning, and a new ending. This was enough for me to want to…  
7940 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Ay yo Adrian, it’s me Rocky. You’re lookin pretty old, but that’s alright, y’know? Anyway, your niece and nephew are getting up to some crazy stuff, you know what I mean? You might wanna see if you can do something about that, y’know?  
7941 11 year old me really had a Michael corleone moment binge eating candy bars before having to go to confession because I was nervous / coda version 
7942  "That's one of the greatest curses ever inflicted on the human race: memory." - Citizen KaneSure, it's not a 10 out of 10, but it's a 9 out of 10, especially with this new cut. The issues it has only knock it down 10% from what it could be, if you watch it on its own terms, and maybe set aside what you specifically want from it. That's what I do, and I've found it very effective each time,…  
7943 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Me vi la nueva edición que salió, y aunque no recuerdo de manera exacta el primer corte de la película, tampoco son muy diferentes. De hecho, creo que me gusta más la estrenada en 1990.En algunas escenas (sobre todo en la de la cocina, cuando a Michael le da un ataque diabético, en la que Mary se enoja con su padre y cuando matan a no sé quién con sus anteojos) se notan mucho los cortes, lo que provoca…   
7944 Y'all keep trying to convince yourselves that this isn't a fantastic film and a great ending for the franchise.........go on keep fooling yourselves...........me n my non clown crew will continue to absolutely cry over this masterpiece.........only bitches with taste here..........also my FAV AL PACINO'S PERFORMANCE ACTUALLY MY FAVE PERFORMANCE EVER OF ALL TIME (academy awards do not interact) also Andy Garcia damn son 🔥 
7945 Al pacino looks really weird when he's old. 
7946  Not sure if shaving five minutes really helped clean this movie up too much, but I enjoyed the new Coda edit more than the original cut. Probably just a time/perspective thing. Watching it without constantly comparing it to one of the best pieces of art ever conceived frees you up a little. It's not worthy of its name, but it's still a big, operatic movie from Mr. Operatic himself.And honestly I love Andy Garcia in this. He has that…  
7947  While not on the masterpiece level of the previous two films, I've always felt this was a satisfying conclusion to the trilogy. Having watched Francis Ford Coppola's new edit titled THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE, I now believe this is a *very* satisfying conclusion to the trilogy. It will not change the mind of anyone who was never a fan of this film to begin with, but I feel CODA is an improved version that fans of…  
7948 There are a few magnificent set pieces, but ultimately, the whole thing is completely unnecessary. 
7949 Jeez. She fell funny. 
7950  the first time i ever watched a godfather film was on network television.  my introduction to the godfather interestingly enough was through MAD MAGAZINE, with their spoof "the odd father".  i watched the godfathers in a weird order: 3-1-2.  after watching each film the first time, i was convinced the third one was the best.  but subsequent viewings have proven to me a.  the second godfather is the best oneb.  the first godfather, as amazing as it is, is…  
7951 — he should be careful. it's dangerous to be an honest man... dangerous because the corrupt ones can't stand a sight of you.far away of being as interesting as the other two. the writing has lost its involving structure, the most of the cast has a lack of talent and there are moments the scenes feels disconnected. despite it all, a closing to the most iconic story of crime in history had to been done. final moments were still breathtaking. 
7952 Za-sa! 
7953  I have always put off watching the third movie for a collection of reasons. But when the Coda recut was announced, my interest was about as high as it would ever be. So I have no idea how different this is compared to the theatrical cut, but everything about this movie was solid. Sure, in comparison to 2 of the greatest movies ever made, I guess it’s nowhere near that level. But it is solid, and enjoyable nonetheless. In my…  
7954 Wow, alle haben gesagt der Film ist zwar ganz gut aber mehr auch nicht. Ich fand ihn ziemlich gut. Wäre ein eigener Film, mit anderen Namen und so, würde wahrscheinlich zu den besten Mafia Filmen überhaupt zählen. Da er aber ein Pate Teil ist und nicht an 1 und 2 rankommt steht er automatisch für viel schlechter da. 
7955  The experience and that lightning in a bottle of the first two films is so precious to me that I avoided Part III for years. I so wanted to preserve that sense of finality that Part II clearly had and everywhere I read it just pointed to a poor finale. But did this story require telling ?A job of a sequel is to justify its existence. You build on what’s come before while also laying a new challenging path…  
7956  I'm revisiting The Coppola Restoration Blu-rays, Parts I and II, before watching the new "Coda" re-release of Part III.I've always been a supporter of Part III, whilst acknowledging it lacked that thing that made the previous parts the Titans of Cinema that they are.Retitling Part III to the orinigally conceived "Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone" might be the most significant change Coppola has made here. No longer are we to view this film as equal to its…  
7957 "Your sins are terrible. It is just that you suffer."The Godfather Coda: The Death Of Michael Corleone 
7958  Such a disappointing and mediocre end to The Trilogy. This movie doesn't have much to add in terms of the trilogy and has very stupid decisions that really make no sense in the spirit of the trilogy. There are many scenes in the movie that slow down the entire movie either reference back to the former movies or nothing at all. Character wise no one in this movie besides Michael aren't really that interesting at all with none of them…  
7959  "Just when i tought i was out, they pull me back in!" -Michael Corleone. É impressionante o quão subestimado este filme é. A principal proposta do longa, ao meu ver, é lidar com a consequência. Assim como Scorsese o faz em seus filmes de Máfia, Em 'Godfather III' Coppola decide mostrar que o crime realmente não compensa. Angustiado pela morte de seu irmão Fredo, Michael Corleone faz de tudo para legitimizar os negócios da família, mas quanto mais tenta sair,…  
7960 I know this film had a lot to live up to but...meh. Just not as gripping as the first two which are masterpieces. Bits of greatness held back by this film feeling overlong, the plot not being as interesting, and some not great acting (love your films Sofia Coppola but yeah). Also the whole incest plotline is just...why?!?!? Interested in the 2020 cut, but this was just not up to par. 50/100 
7961  The trilogy is complete. In a paramount run of only viewing The Godfather the past three days, I am tired. This one was made too far after the second one. People changed over the years and their reputations grew larger. I'm making assumptions. It seemed very stuck on glorifying the last few films. Characters weren't perfectly refined like they were. It's lost the dramatic nuance. They don't let the editing tell the story. And just because Part III isn't on…  
7962 Perfect for those who watched the first two and thought: You know what this franchise really needs? Incest! 
7963 o al pacino e a diane keaton carregaram esse filme nas costas e só por eles não é uma bomba total 
7964  Stray thoughts on The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone: 1) Pacino’s work here is a powerhouse that is a great continuation of his work with Michael 2) Connie’s arc is so smart and Shire delivers trilogy best work here. I wonder if her character made bigger due to the lack of Tom Hagen? 3) Talia Shire’s costumes!!!!!! 4) the Michael/Kay trip through Sicily is as lovely as it is sad 5) the scene my pinned tweet references is…  
7965 First watch since I originally saw this a decade ago! Never quite justifies its existence, and Sofia Coppola and the lack of Robert Duvall are definitely problems, but the film is far from the disaster it's made out to be. Coppola can still direct the hell out of a movie, even when they probably shouldn't exist. Plus the opera climax and Joey Zasa's helicopter massacre make it worth watching alone. The Michael and Kay stuff in Sicily is really well done too! And Andy Garcia is legit great here, plus we have one of Pacino's best performances. 
7966  In every way worse than the other 2, except for Pacino, who remained fantastic. The obvious elephant in the room is Sophia, who Im very glad has mainly stuck with making really sad movies. She's very good at that...and not at this. The writing is sub-par, the characters are way more obscure and hard to keep track of, the acting overall isn't as good, the pace is terrible, and the last 45 minutes or so rip by compared to the…  
7967 Ya know i actually enjoyed the last 30 or so minutes. Everything that took place at the Opera I sincerely enjoyed, but the majority of the movie was... well not so good. Also why tf was the theme from Raging Bull used at the end. Everyone who’s seen Raging Bull Bull will automatically thing of the iconic opening shot when they hear that music. I mean come on you could’ve used any song. 
7968 Just watched Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. My god, it’s so much better. Not at the level of the first two, but a significant improvement. The story MAKES SENSE NOW. 
7969 The worst Godfather movie managed to be better than 90% of movies. 
7970 Wenn man sich durch die ersten 90 Minuten geschleppt hat, die weder spannend sind, noch irgendwelche denkwürdigen Momente haben, dann erwarten ein noch 90 Minuten die denn Vorgängern würdig sind, die das Pate-Feeling aufkommen lassen und mit einem denkwürdigen Finalen beendet werden. Die Frage die bleibt. Ist es das beim nächsten Rewatch der Pate Filme wert? 
7971 i agree grown ass al pacino 
7972 ‘The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone’ Review:Overall a much more satisfying view than the original theatrical cut. Much better paced, easier to follow and far more interesting. Whilst not perfect and still nowhere near like the first two, it does at least feel like a proper conclusion and an actual Godfather sequel. Crazy what shuffling the scenes around to change the pacing, adding in new music queues to make scenes more dramatic and cutting minor scenes out can actually improve a film. However one thing is for sure, all the editing on earth can’t change Sofia Coppola's acting. 
7973 It’s quite a massive feat to land the high that The Godfather films were on. Sure, Sofia Coppola’s a little bland, but I don’t think it detracts from the rest. I would’ve liked to have seen Andy Garcia get to go a little further and push the foil character further. All of this is really about Al Pacino. He gives a really committed performance with some great moments. The runtime feels short in comparison to the second but this is still quite overlong. 
7974  *****Coppola's 2020 definitive new edit************New Title- The Godfather, Coda: the death of Michael Corleone******* "You know, Michael, now that you're so respectable I think you're more dangerous than you ever were." Michael Corleone is pushing 60 and full of guilt and regret of all the things he did in his rise to power. So he starts donating to charities and invests in the Vatican and becomes it's largest single shareholder. He is attempting to transform his mafia empire into…  
7975 [The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone]"The higher I go, the crookeder it becomes"My personal favorite of the trilogy. Going to be thinking about the opera sequence on my death bed. 
7976 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  SPOILERS FOR CODAWhat a bag of shite, they ruined the perfect ending  
7977  30 years later, the general critical consensus on Part III is pretty well-documented, but it’s worth reiterating this isn’t the cinematic disaster it’s sometimes misremembered as, nor is it anywhere near the greatness of the first two. If you can get past the fact that we never needed to continue this story in the first place, the bullet point version goes something like:The Good- Strong performances from series regulars Pacino, Keaton, and Shire. Newcomers Andy Garcia and Joe Mantegna…  
7978 This is for the new Coda cut.I had seen Godfather lll one time. I remembered very little outside of Sophia Coppola being not great and Al Pacino entering the gravel voice period of his career. I found it very satisfying this time. I don’t know if it was the new cut, or just my perspective changing. I like that Michael Corleone has put himself in a world he can’t escape and that his life choices have made it so he can never find happiness. While it doesn’t hold a candle to the first two, it’s still a nice epilogue to the series. 
7979 Watching The Coda Cut as my first time watching any cut of this movie. It's like Coppola's The Irishman in a way, but, like, I didn't hate this. Maybe it's just me all the bad talk I've heard about this or that Coppola edited out all the bad stuff? Idk, but it's overall not as harmonious or powerful as the others, and I think making Vincent the son of Tom Hagen would’ve been maybe just a little less disturbing? And also more thematically interesting, since a non-Corleone blood relative would be running the family. Who knows 
7980 tá longe do nível dos dois primeiros, mas ainda assim trouxe um final digno pra trilogia. continua sendo uma baita história 
7981 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I've not seen the original cut for the best part of a decade, so I can't really make much of a comparison, but I thought this new cut The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone was genuinely a masterpiece. I think it's the perfect conclusion to the story, portraying Michael Corleone's slow death, not in physical terms, but in emotional and spiritual terms, as he lives to see everything he cares about be taken away from him, due to…   
7982  Score: A-Note: Review for “Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone”.Link: Review for "The Godfather Part III"Yes, Sofia Coppola still has the emotional range and acting talent as a bag of unsalted peanuts, and the relationship scenes between Mary and Vincent fall flat and slightly stall the movie at times, but those are the only flaws retained from the original film! Between the re-arranging, entire removal of and trimming of scenes, shortening of the film…  
7983 Okay, this is not a flawless masterpiece, but it's still a bloody good film. Obviously Pacino doesn't look (or sound) as good as he did in the previous two films and Robert Duvall is a big miss, but it's still a great story and a pretty good conclusion to the trilogy (or epilogue to the duology). Pacino still nails some of the scenes, particularly his confession, and Andy Garcia is good. And it's good to see Franco Citti (star of many Pasolini films) given a bigger role.Now looking forward to seeing the re-cut version. 
7984  Antes de tudo gostaria de dizer que Coppola inicia o pensamento desta obra num pós estruturalismo colonialista anti-narcisista e a equipe do Letterboxd após meu encarecido pedido para o uso da impactante imagem de Sofia Coppolinha sendo baleada em “The Godfather: Part III”, eu fui censurado por supostamente se tratar de um spoiler. Mesmo eu mandando outra imagem que não havia spoiler mas havia Coppolla, eles disseram que já estavam felizes com o Backdrop usado. Logo, percebemos que a equipe…  
7985 Fine. Andy Garcia was fucking awesome and Al Pacino was good. A few good scenes here and there. But Sofia Coppola and the fact it is fucking boring at times makes it a big fucking oof. Andy and Al make it a 6... maybe a 5 who knows aha. Review of the 2020 Coda Cut btw. 
7986 I have seen the first two Godfathers many times and consider them two of the finest films ever made, yet had always resisted part III despite owning the box set for about 15 years, probably because I always heard it was far inferior to it's predecessors. It really isn't a bad movie if you can look past a few questionable performances, but unfortunately is going to look much worse when placed next to the first two parts, which were based on Puzo's original novel, unlike the third. You can't fault people for high expectations here. 
7987 The Death Of Michael Corleone, can’t find the new version on here.Not sure how much better it is than the original as I haven’t watched it in years. I did enjoy this, the middle gets a bit boring but once the opera starts it’s pretty great. 
7988 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I would have liked this better if Fredo (and John Cazale, RIP) were still alive. Definitely not as bad as people say, but also definitely did not need to be anywhere nearly as long or incesterous. I like to think Sofia Coppola saw this movie and said, "You know what, maybe I should try directing instead."  
7989 I watched The Godfather Coda re-edit. A better edit than the theatrical “Part III” but still no where near as good as it’s predecessors. 
7990 Coppola et le remontage de ses films, c’est devenu tout un art. THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE ne fait pas exception à la règle. Le mal-aimé de la trilogie est certes un film imparfait mais sa grandeur n’est plus à nier. 
7991 Mario Puzo’s The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneUmmm. Okay. Thanks I guess... 
7992 the godfather, coda: the death of michael corleone‏تدوینگرها میدونن که تدوین دوباره یک پروژه بعد از تموم شدن و اکرانش چقدر کار دشواریهراش‌ها به احتمال زیاد نامرتب و حتی گمشدن، از نظر حسی درگیر پروژه های دیگه شدی و...تدوین بعد از ۳۰ سال!فیلم روح تازه ای گرفته. مشکلات فیلمنامه هنوز بزرگترین ضعف فیلم هستش اما حالا آقای کاپولا پایان بهتری رو برای مایکل کورلئون بوجود آورده👍🏼 
7993  DER PATE - DER TOD VON MICHAEL CORLEONE EPILOG (1990) #334⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️⭐️Erstsichtung...niemand der die Trilogie Godfather liebt, hätte gedacht das der dritte Teil nochmals überarbeitet wird bzw. einen Neuen Cut erhält. Es war wunderschön ihn mal wieder zu sehen, er sah noch nie so gut aus. Mir gefällt der Cut wirklich sehr gut und ist stimmig. Ich werde demnächst die Trilogie mal wieder Sichten und dann diesen Cut als Nummer vier nochmals Sichten. Dann kann ich einen direkten Vergleich…  
7994 CODA 
7995 Uau essa nova versão ficou roque 
7996 The Coda Version - masterpiece star lost. 
7997 I realize that what I just watched was a different experience than what most people have seen over the past 30 some odd years...a movie that has grown over time with a reputation now being ‘redeemed’ with what’s supposed to be THE final cut as originally intended...But what I just watched was a damn good movie and heartbreaking conclusion for Michael Corleone. 
7998 it disappeared from letterboxd but this is NOT the godfather III, it is The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone 
7999  It seems that director Francis Ford Coppola has entered his "Charlie Chaplin" stage. I say that because at the later point of Chaplin's career he had trouble getting new products off the ground so he went back and re-edited a lot of his films. It seems that Coppola is now doing that as many of his older movies have been re-worked and now we get to THE GODFATHER PART III.During the introduction to the film Coppola says that the…  
8000 Pure opera. Coppola’s changes make this version much smoother and more engaging. However, the lack of special features on this release is an enormous disappointment considering 2020 marks the 30th anniversary of GODFATHER III. 
8001  Version watched was The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleneNever was going to be as good as the first two Godfather films, but not as bad as many say. There’s nothing really new in this edit, just some scenes moved around, mainly at the beginning and end, but still an epic tale of a family and it’s failings. Some great set pieces, though nothing quite matches those from Parts I and II; the helicopter attack on the New…  
8002 I know it seems unfair how much grief we’ve all given Sofia Coppola for the last thirty years over this performance, but I’m here to tell you, maybe we didn’t go far enough.But really if One From The Heart was a hit we’d never have to suffer through that injustice in the first place. 
8003 The only GODFATHER movie where you can say, “it goes all the way the Pope!!” If your biggest issue with this series is a lack of scenes involving the catholic church, this’ll be your favorite one. Years ahead of the curve on the whole incest thing. What a bizarre subplot that is actually kind of the main plot? Sofia is as bad as you’ve heard in this and I like to think the casting of the guy who plays Tony, also bad, is to balance it out.Edit: Letterboxd removed the CODA listing so just clarifying I watched the new CODA cut #CODA 
8004 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   This review is about The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, not the original cut of The Godfather: Part III. I reviewed that earlier this week. That can be found here.TWO STARS OUT OF FIVE. Coda doesn't have its own Letterboxd page so I have to review it as another viewing of The Godfather: Part III and not the mildly different movie that it is.The Godfather: Part III is a flawed movie but it has merit to…   
8005 Did this film have anything new to say about the Corleone Family? I say no, it did not. 
8006  Watching the recently released version, The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone.I'm not entirely sure what Coppola has tweaked, but I certainly enjoyed this more than I did the original version. Certainly it still suffers from the famously ill-advised nepotistic casting - but Sophia Coppola's amateurish performance would perhaps not seem quite so bad and jarring if it wasn't that she is surrounded by such phenomenal actors. Al Pacino gives one of his strongest and most nuanced performances…  
8007  The Godfather Part III is not a bad movie, but The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone might just be a bit better. It’s hard to nail down whether my rating jump from 2.5 to 4 is down to the recut or simply picking up more things on a rewatch, but I may put it down a little more to the latter. For starters, Sofia Coppola isn’t in this as much as I remember, and I may have been…  
8008 The greatest irony of all: my friends fell asleep when we watched the Godfather 2 together, so there was nobody there to tell me what happened after I dozed off during this. I hope Ron Howard takes his Hillbilly Elegy billions to do The Da Vinci Coda next. ("Coda" version - I thiiiink the stuff I dozed through was most of the significant changes?) 
8009  Finally got a chance to go back to the movies since seeing Tenet in September. I’m definitely a part of the minority on this one because I really enjoyed the original cut of Part III and I also really enjoyed the new Coda version. The film starts with a nice introduction from Coppola as he introduces us to what he calls the “definitive” version. If you’re going into this hoping it’ll change your mind about the original cut, you’re probably gonna be…  
8010 I want you all to take your disc 3/Godfather 3 Blu Ray or DVD’s or VHS’s and throw them away and replace it with this. Coherence is restored in the story, and the pacing at least flows this time around. Seeing this can make you understand why the film has been truly misunderstood for decades. 
8011 Part III > Coda.EDIT: Letterboxd have confused things by combining the two listings since I posted this diary entry, which was intended for Coda. I stand by my opinion, though. Part III has always been a strong film and I don't think the alterations were necessary. 
8012  Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) has reached an age where he wants his family to go into legitimate businesses but soon the guilt of his past is catching up with him as he tries to right the wrong he has done but it doesn't sit well with everyone in the family.THE GODFATHER PART III has one major and fatal flaw that has haunted it since it's release in 1990 and that's the fact that it's not one of the greatest…  
8013 cant get past the fact that mary was in love with her first cousin 
8014 It's been a long time since I saw The Godfather Part III so I have no idea the differences, however I do remember I liked it okay though a far cry from the first two. So now with this Coda version, the one Puzo and Coppola initially wanted, it does serve as the intended epilogue to the saga and it's well made and, for the most part, finely acted though Sophia Coppola did have one questionable scene, though her others weren't too bad.I'll be interested to read a complete breakdown on the differences but as a whole it is a well made drama . 4.0/5 
8015 It's like... everytime I watch it I simultaneously like it more and ALSO reaffirm how inferior it is to the previous two. 
8016 not as bad as people painted it to be... like the famous horse from the 90's show "horsin' around", Bojack Horseman once said: "You never get a happy ending, 'cause there's always more show." so its pointless to be mad hahah 
8017 nem o clássico de poderoso chefão se livrou da maldição de decair na sequência. embora não seja tão grandioso e bom como os primeiros, ele é necessário para o desfecho das consequências das atitudes do michael como padrinho. e o final é poético e coeso... 
8018 This movie is good. Sofia Coppola's performance is fine. Francis set his own bar too high I guess, putting any film up against two of the best films ever made is a rough ask and even though it's not near the level of those, it's far better than the cultural reputation suggests.The ending? The opera? Absolutely slaps. 
8019 honestly... it wasn’t that bad. from what i had heard, this film is one of the worst ever. it definitely wasn’t as good as the first two, but it had a lot to live up to. this is 100% the weakest by a mile but it wasn’t that bad. 
8020 "In today's world, the power to absolve debt is greater than the power of forgiviness"Se existia algum jeito melhor de terminar a trilogia sem ser com toda aquela sequência maravilhosa na ópera, eu desconheço.Gosto da forma como o conflito aqui surge ironicamente por uma tentiva de distanciamento de Michael, mas que constantemente é afetada por seu relativismo moral. Mas seria essa tentativa uma procura por redenção ou pela vida? 
8021 Weirdly incoherent, unnecessarily melodramatic for most parts. Even Pacino isn't very impressive. The final opera sequence however is fantastic and makes it worth watching. 
8022 Awesome! 
8023  Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.Not gonna beat the decapitated horse by stating that this is a clear step down from its two predecessors - but I guess I just did... oh well. (by the way, the answer is "Yes, you can really blame it.")Frankly, though, I didn't really mind. I don't think it really shits on those two movies, it's just not as good. The story's alright - more convoluted than…  
8024 Seldom does a franchise hit a home run three times!Grab your popcorn and fizzy drink. Make yourself comfy, because here it comes. GF3. 
8025 look at how they massacred my boy 
8026 Was more excited to see Scorsese’s mother’s cameo than returning cast lol 
8027 it’s good actually. 
8028  Is it a sin for me to love Part III more than Part II?Aside from Sophia Coppola’s underwhelming performance and the unfortunate absence of Robert Duvall’s Tom Hagen, I think Part III isn’t bad as most fans and critics say.The politics (and corruption) in the Catholic Church is an interesting part of the plot to me. I also like how Michael seems to follow his father’s path by attempting to change his ways. Just when he thought he…  
8029 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   more of an epilogue to the towering first two parts of the trilogy but it's still interesting to see how things pan out for 'Michael Corleone' and his remarkable family. everyone's a bit older and wiser in this one, especially Al Pacino in the lead as he tries to keep his business relatively clean in these, his later years. it's up to a fiery Andy Garcia and (a slightly wooden!) Sofia Coppola to provide the young blood which they end…   
8030 — When they come, they come at what you love.Um final brutal e pesado mas grandioso, assim como foi a trilogia inteira. 
8031 4 stars are for that fact most films now still aren’t even as good as the godfather part 3. anyways, don’t go on like this is a bad film because it’s not, but it’s no where near as good as the first two, which you know already..You also know Sophia Coppola can’t act for shit, Michael isn’t Michael anymore he’s Al, and you know Andy Garcia can’t act either, But the film itself is still good, only not in the same stratosphere as the first two. 
8032 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   estem... quién tiene hambre?por lejos, me pareció la peor de las tres. no logré empatizar ni simpatizar con ningún personaje además de michael, que tampoco es mucho porque ya le tenía cariño de las dos películas anteriores... a lo mejor yo estoy equivocada y realmente la película no buscaba hacerme empatizar con ninguno, pero qué se yo; así lo sentí, más que nada porque la muerte de mary no me transmitió nada por ella, sino que toda la emoción…   
8033 People always trash Sophia Coppola’s performance in this film. That is the least of this film’s problems. 
8034  This turned out to be pretty disappointing. Honestly, everything up until the end was alright, a little mediocre and mellower than its preceding films but still alright but then we got hit with the ending where everything just collapsed. Another problem was that it was hard to remain interested as there weren’t as many compelling scenes that took place, causing me to get distracted. And when you pair that with the screen time of the film, it turns out to…  
8035 They did well with what they got. 
8036  Finally, after five (?) odd years after watching the first two, I have conjured up the bravery to watch the conclusion that many hate on and you know what? I’m satisfied. It’s very much a poetic ending to Michael and the trilogy - a look at regret, pain and sadness towards a past life that Michael doesn’t really want to acknowledge anymore. Besides, I’d feel like I was going against my Italian heritage to give this a bad rating. I’m…  
8037  Michael: Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in!Tell me. Did anyone ever thought this could be the perfect ending to the trilogy? The movie doesn't have Tom Hagen. The movie's got Sofia Coppola in it. It's a fanfic. This movie is fanfic. Nothing in this world can change my mind. Don't get me wrong, it's not a bad movie. It's just not a good movie either. And it should've been PERFECT. It's The Godfather,…  
8038 “he’s your first cousin”“and i love him first”personal fav of the many screenwriting iso’s in this otherwise very good movie 
8039 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Ariana Grande sang No Tears Left To Cry after watching this movie  
8040 Why does everyone hate this yes it’s the weakest godfather but that means it’s still ducking goodAlfie barked at me throughout so it ended up being a 4 hour movie watch Instead of 3 hoursAlso dad moaned at how I can watch 3 Godfathers without pausing 
8041 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Probablemente la película más infravalorada de la historia.La dirección de Coppola sigue siendo magistral, y Pacino, Keaton, Shire y Garcia están tremendos; eso sí, Sofia Coppola baja mucho el nivel general. Es una grandísima directora, pero como actriz es nula. En qué momento se te ocurrió tal idea, Francis...Toda la parte final, contrastando las escenas en la ópera con la realidad que está ocurriendo fuera (y dentro, pero a parte) de ella me parece sensacional. Y ese último…   
8042 The movie starts with narration, that already speaks volumes about the downgrade.Also incest? 
8043 16 Tahun pasca sekuel pertamanya, memang seharusnya Paramount tidak begitu tamak dan rakus dengan kejayaan dua prequel pendahulunya yang sukses besar serta memberikan pengaruh besar di dunia cinema.Seharusnya Paramount tidak memaksa dan menghargai keputusan Coppola untuk tidak membuat installment ketiga ini yang serba flop. Sofia Coppola yang turut bermain di sini pun tidak menambal apapun.Aspek naratif yang lemah, beberapa kualitas akting para aktor dan aktris baru yang serba mlempem dan memang sepatutnya The Godfather tutup pada installment keduanya 
8044 Cara, que tristeza, que solidão. Não vou me arriscar escrever uma crítica sobre nenhum da trilogia, mas esse e o 2 foram os que mais mexeram comigo. Coppola traz muita dor na maneira que compõe suas imagens. Toda a sequência na ópera é um dos momentos mais tensos que já vi num filme. Ele faz uma encenação que evidencia o peso dos pecados do Michael em todo aspecto da linguagem. Obra-prima. Um dia escrevo um texto pra cada filme, mas hoje quero só sentir. 
8045  It's unfortunate that arguably the two best American films ever made were followed up by this mediocre and depressing watch of a film. Pacino, Keaton and Shire return and they're all fine, Pacino turns in a good performance but he's really just playing the gruff shouty card. Andy Garcia is a good newcomer but Sophia Coppola is awful, she's so damn wooden, her scenes are painful. It shocks me that this film is written by the same men who did…  
8046 The Godfather Part III, It's not as bad as what people put this one out to be like, it's no where near as good as the first two. Also, it's still got some brilliant scenes throughout and yeah, it might have a few stupid ones also throughout but it's not a bad movie. Finally, the cast aren't that bad but overall, it's not that bad of a movie but it's not a masterpiece like the other two were.I think I noticed with this one was that there wasn't enough action in total whilst with the previous two there was a good amount. 
8047 🎶I like old movies🎶🎶Like the Godfather...🎶🎶Three🎶🎶Not considered the best one because of the cousin incest, it drags in certain places and theres just certain moments that are extremely strange i.e the lucky coat and the donkey impression🎶🎶But that’s just me🎶🎶That’s just me🎶 
8048 They should’ve ended after the second one 
8049  Конечно,  выйти на богоподобный уровень первых двух частей практически невозможно, но триквел всё же слишком громко свалился вниз: никаких былых ставок и тяжёлых выборов, зато какой-то невнятный рассказ о бизнес-сделках с церковью и об Энди Гарсии, пытающегося сойти за Корлеоне. Да, тут искупление Майкла, пытающегося закончить с криминалом, это понятно, вот только выходит это утомительно серо и обыденно - а такое Крёстному отцу тяжело простить. Да даже самую лучшую, финальную, сцену не удаётся воспринимать с должной стороны из-за отвратной, накопительной…  
8050 if you act like all the unnecessary scenes about sofia coppola and andy garcia being incestuous doesn't exist then this is actually really good <3 
8051 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Venía ya avisado de que esta película no era la favorita de muchos pero tengo que romper una lanza a favor de ella, he de reconocer que tiene un comienzo muy bueno y un desenlace (para mí) excelente PERO la parte central de la película a veces se me hace muy densa y lenta (salvando algunas escenas, obviamente). Al Pacino brilla en muchas de las escenas, sobretodo en el final y en la confesión de Michael, él es "El Padrino",…   
8052 Buena, pero no maravillosa; al final resulta el mismo plot que nos contaron en las anteriores con menos punch. Eso sí, Andy García está excelente. 
8053  In retrospect, The Godfather Part III plays like a prequel to The Sopranos, so it will be interesting to see whether the series’ own prequel film, Young Tony, will play out in terms of the iconography of Francis Ford Coppola’s 1990 film. The second episode of The Sopranos opens with a short scene – the only scene in the entire series that starts before the credits in this way – in which all of the main Mafia characters vamp on…  
8054 Bem mais politizado, é atemporal e contemporâneo. 
8055 Bastante por debajo de las dos anteriores, y sin embargo, no es una mala película. Tiene sus cosas buenas, como ese puntito crepuscular (aunque sea una lástima que no lo exploten demasiado) o el final en la ópera.En fin, ya he terminado la que es probablemente, la trilogía de películas más importante de la historia. Se siente bien cuando al fin ves clásicos tan universales como El Padrino. 
8056  I seriously avoided watching this for so long but it’s GOOD?! It definitely didn’t have the same atmosphere and for me the intense moments didn’t hit as hard but if you hadn’t seen the first two that was objectively a GOOD MOVIE y’all are just meanmaybe it’s because of the huge gap between watching the 2nd and 3rd but I just feel like I can’t say a good movie wasn’t good just because it should have been GREAT. It…  
8057 Not a bad film by any means but yeah, it’s pretty disappointing when compared to the other two. Apparently Coppola only made this after Paramount strong-armed him into it, and it shows, but there are great moments littered throughout especially the scenes with Pacino and Keaton. I also appreciated how in keeping this was visually with the other two, Gordon Willis doesn’t disappoint. However, thank god Sofia Coppola’s a good director because she gives Keanu in Dracula a run for his money in wooden acting. 
8058 It's not all bad, but it's not a classic either. The intensity, the dread, the intrigue, they're all there, but they don't match the quality of the first two epics. I weirdly loved the opera sequence and the finality of the end nails the tragedy of this whole saga. I think Talia Shire and Diane Keaton were great here. 
8059  It's funny I've owned this movie for years but have never seen it. Mostly because I've heard jokes my whole life about how Godfather 3 sucks and how it's the worst one and ya it's the weakest of the bunch, but hey, if you're going to buy the other movies why not just get the set. However having watched it finally I'm not sure why I avoided it as long as I did. There is definitely value to be seen…  
8060 el final, lo quiero preso a fracis ford coppola 
8061 “Friendship and money – oil and water…”This is not a patch on the first two films which are masterpiece’s of cinema , this one should have made the Godfather the greatest Trilogy ever. But somehow Coppola missed the mark , and instead we got this long dull affair. The relationship between Pacino and Garcia  is the only thing on note in this film. 
8062 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   “Never hate your enemies it affects your judgement”Godfather 3 is usually considered by everyone the worst movie of the trilogy and a major stepdown from the previous 2 and for a good reason honestly but the movie does a lot of good things too by having amazing the direction,lighting,cinematography like so many shots of this movie couldve easily screenshoted it and put it as a picture on my wall its that good. And ofc the performances for the most…   
8063  Well, I did it. I watched all three movies of The Godfather trilogy in one day. It was quite the journey, and I think I’ll treat myself to some cannolis.I think 3 stars is a fair rating for this because...1) This was completely unnecessary. No one asked for a Part III 16 years after Part II.2) One of the main storylines is house Michael Corleone’s daughter falls in love with her first cousin?!?! Like what?? What is…  
8064  Michael Corleone, il noto Padrino affermatosi negli anni, è ormai fisicamente stanco e apparentemente demotivato dal suo business. Non è più Don Michael mandatario di assassini (familiari e non); i suoi interessi si sono spostati verso la sfera del mercato immobiliare, delle quote societarie e sopratutto dei legami con la potenza della Chiesa (il film inzia proprio del Papa Paolo VI che nomina Michael commendatore).Nonostante il Padrino non riesca più a tenere il polso fermo della situazione, egli deve…  
8065 How can people not like this movie? It has Bridget Fonda in a leather jacket and nothing else. 
8066 7.0/10Part III contradicts a lot of what came before and feels like a forced addition rather than a proper continuation. It fails to live up to the legacy of the franchise. However I hesitate to say it’s a complete waste.It’s a fine movie. The acting for the most part (with one CLEAR exception) is still noteworthy and there’s a decent amount of scenes that gripped me. Somewhere in here is a great film, I do believe that. What we got though is a bit of a mess. 
8067 ★★½ - 5 - okay / alrightWHAT IN THE ACTUAL FUCK WAS THE WHOLE INCEST THINGThe only reason this got 2 1/2 stars is because of the scene where Michael's son play the guitar 
8068 Oof! 
8069  Notum: 8,5/10------The Godfather 3’ü önceki iki filmle birlikte serinin bir parçası ve tek başına bir film olarak, iki farklı şekilde değerlendirmek gerekiyor.Tek başına bir film olarak değerlendirdiğimizde ortada gerçekten nefis bir iş var. Yolun sonuna gelmiş Michael ve henüz yolun başında Vincent’ın karakterleri çok güzel işlenmiş. Bir tarafta efsanenin sonu yer alırken diğer tarafta efsanenin başlangıcı yer alıyor. Filmin son 45 dakikası ise adeta bir yönetmenlik şovu. Opera sahnesi harika çekilmiş ve dramatik kurgunun zirveye çıktığı bir…  
8070  Friendship with Dark Knight Trilogy terminated. Godfather trilogy my new best friend.To be honest, there were moments where I could see why people deride this as the weakest Godfather. And yeah, it is, but I clearly like the film more than most, and I do still think there are quite a few good moments, such as the helicopter attack, as well as the entire opera house set piece. I also like how the film has Michael trying his absolute…  
8071 Why did I watch this movie?  Better yet, why did they even make this? 20 years later.... it’s stupid. There’s nothing redeeming about it.  Coppola’s daughter is physically painful to watch.  I think it’s safe to say she’s a terrible actor.  Flat, no emotion. I laughed when she died.  That’s how bad it is. 
8072 no esperaba llorar pero pasaron cosas 
8073 it definitely lived up to my low expectations 
8074  These are gonna be my personal considerations on the whole Godfather trilogy. I doubt someone is interested in the thought of an unknown young girl, so I'll just write what I want to remember when I'll think about these films and I surely will. This was my first time watching what are considered as the best films ever made in the history of cinema and I was quite nervous in approaching this idea and wondered what makes them so popular…  
8075 that’s what mary gets for falling in love with her first cousin 
8076  I mean I think I like Part 2 just a hair bit better because the stuff with young Vito is so compelling to watch, but this was fantastic as well. I know this is the famous weakest one but I don't get the hate? It's beautifully directed, the acting especially from Pacino is incredible (Michael Corleone is one of the greatest characters in fiction), the editing is so tight. It's just fantastic. A fourth movie in the vein of Part…  
8077  Mirá que había gente pensaba que Coppola estaba en las últimas cuando te cierra de esta forma la mejor trilogía de la historia.Es para destacar el papel de la Iglesia, reflejada sin máscaras como lo propone Francis, dando la cara tal como es ante el negocio oscuro que siempre la envolvió. Las cosas como son, y que placer que así se la vea a la institución más nefasta. Clave en el principio de una discusión teológica moral desde cualquier…  
8078 Extraordinario cierre de trilogía, injustamente castigado por unas actuaciones que supuestamente están mal (lo cual es hasta debatible). Insólito. 
8079  an opinion on this movie is probably quite clouded by the greatness of the first two, and how this one just sorta comes along as an afterthought over 15 years later. this one really does have some good moments though, but doesn't have the might to carry itself like the other ones did. it still runs with the idea of passing on the family business even further down the family tree; and having it turn into something almost entirely unrecognizable…  
8080 Lol how do you go from two masterpieces to this mediocre shithole 
8081 Positives - - that last half hour is extremely well done - Andy Garcia is perfectly cast as an Italian gangster- provides a clear end to the trilogy and Michael Corleone’s story - great music throughoutNegatives - - Sofia Coppola is cringeful - too much incest- tonal shifts through first half don’t fit - no Robert Duvall - story can be confusing- too much about Popes If this was recast to have someone more experienced than Sofia Coppola and the return of Robert Duvall plus some changes to the story I think this may even match up to its predecessor 
8082 "he's your first cousin""then i love him first"i got brain damage 
8083 The first two godfathers were pretty good without the incest plotline, Francis 
8084 Randomised Watchlist - #1First film into this impulsive “challenge” and I’ve already jumped the queue, it just felt like the right time to watch this. Y’all need to stop exaggerating how much this pales in comparison to its predecessors because I expected a full-blown shitshow but it’s undeniably quite solid and that’s coming from someone who absolutely adores the first two films. If you’re holding yourself off from watching this bc you don’t want to ruin the legacy of the Godfather saga just take my word for it and set yourself free, embrace the pulpiness!!! 👌🏻 
8085  Going into this, I knew of its reputation. I've heard how terrible it is and how awful Sofia Coppola is in it. I guess either I watched a different film than everyone else, or I am just not as discerning.I really enjoyed this. I don't think it's on the same level as the first two films, but that speaks more to the supremely high quality of those two films than it does to this one.Much like with the…  
8086 Baby's Day Out 2 
8087  In one sense a very unnecessary film and yet in another sense a elegiac film of literary stylings and idiosyncratic details far removed from the context of the original two films. In some ways more about the clandestine inner workings of the upper echelons of the Catholic church than about the mafia families, Part III really kicks in for me in the final hour. The scene between Michael and Kay in Sicily is a highlight. Their interaction at the house…  
8088  While The Godfather: Part III does do a good job of closing out Michael Corleone's arc as a whole this is a film that just never really feels like it was fully needed. This is especially apparent when factoring in Coppola's directing. While it's clear he had an idea of where to go this was clearly a film he made just to pay off his debt for his last box office bomb. The passion just really isn't here sadly and…  
8089  "Just when i thought i was out... they pulled me back in"yeah cino, yeah cinoCan someone conffirm me if i watched the right thing? That's the godfather third sequel right? Ok. It's like a Wes Craven movie met Twin Peaks and The Sopranos altogether and had a patriotic italian baby!!! (I only have seen the first one but i know what i'm talking about)- Sofia Coppola is in this cause yk she deserved, there was no one…  
8090 The Godfather: Part III succeeds in what it's trying to do, which is bringing Michael's story to a close, but it never reaches the heights of the first two films. Which is sad, because this film could definitely be written better.Also, I have to agree that Sofia Coppola is so much better at directing than at acting. 
8091  I think the reason I can’t ever really get into The Godfather III is that it has like GEORGE HAMILTON and ANDY GARCIA and JOE MANTEGNA interacting with THE CAST OF THE GODFATHER I AND II.The first two films are timeless. This one is full of 90s trash from the clothes to the hair to the cars even though it’s supposed to be the late 70s. Every new character sucks. It was expensive but looks cheap. Are we supposed…  
8092 o amadorismo da sofia, hoje, é até charmoso. Um absurdo e grandioso final, do filme, da trilogia, dos Corleone. A sequência da ópera é fenomenal. Tão bom quanto os demais e falo isso com toda tranquilidade. 
8093  The Fredo of The Godfather trilogy is actually tremendously underrated.While not perfect (like the first two arguably are, so in this case it is fair to say that), it's incredibly thoughtful and reflective and cuts quite deep.It is completely appropriate to take a cue from Coppola and treat this as an epilogue. I would also call it a mid-life crisis film that taps into real concerns of the life you left behind and the choices you've made.It…  
8094 The quality remains similar to the previous ones,the importance of family ties gains more relevance,Michael being withdrawn from past mistakes is a clear illustration of what his post can add to one's life: emptiness and the search for redemption.The protagonism given to the next man with the title "Don Corleone" is necessary,precisely,this sequence is essential to present the evolution of the Corleone and the course of each family's member,the outcome is unique,wonderfully dense. 
8095 Falar que esse filme é ruim só por causa de uma atuação secundária deveria ser CRIME 
8096 This had one too many incestuous relationships for me to really enjoy it 
8097 what a fucking ending. I’m appalled. 
8098 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Not awful or truly terrible, but pretty lackluster and boring overall. A couple aspects I like are Michael’s reconciliation with the priest and his reunions with Kay.Even with those positive aspects, this film just feels like it is in a different universe than the first two. It feels like a season of a wonderful TV series well past its prime, with only a few of the original actors still on board. The ending didn’t make much sense to me,…   
8099 [THX 04 | SvdW film reviews]the godfather: part IIIScavenger Hunt 51 | 22/30 | task 5. Watch a South Korean romantic comedy or melodrama. (Knowing the Koreans, it is very possible that the movie will be both.)(chose something else)Date Watched: Saturday, June. 15, 2019 | How I Watched: blu-ray on PlayStation 3 & blu-ray player | Second timeTwenty-second film for Scavenger Hunt 51. 
8100  For the sake of positivity, here’s a list of things I like about this movie:-they matched the cinematography quite well to the original two. The shadows aren’t quite as deep but they nailed the colours.-Al Pacino plays weathered and tired and guilt-ridden quite well-it wraps up Michael’s downfall nicely, with a tragedy of his own making-some good references (even if they can be a little self-indulgent)-the whole opera sequence was pretty masterful actually (other than…  
8101  Imagine trying to follow The Godfather Part II. I mean, while it's not my favourite film ever, it's probably the best film ever made on a pure craft level. It's absolute perfection from start to finish in terms of writing, directing, the editing between the two subplots, the absolute thematic coherence, and that ending. Imagine making a sequel to that.No matter how good it was, The Godfather Part III was never, ever going to live up to the name…  
8102 They call it a Royale with cheese. 
8103  It's not bad, exactly, but it suffers in comparison to THE GODFATHER I & II, which are as great as they come. The storyline, largely centered on the Catholic Church being in bed with the mafia, is slack, especially in its third hour. As an actress, Sofia Coppola is a great director. The final scene tries to emulate the murderous climaxes of Parts I & II, yet something is missing: the players aren't clear, and it's too long and at times hysterical…  
8104  I think I like this film more than most people do. I don't think it completely ruins the other two and while it's a bit too long, I certainly found enjoyment in it. The directing, music and cinematography are all still on point. I also loved the way they closed out Michael's arc and it's always great to see Pacino and Keaton together in a scene.I thing I liked least about the film is that the modern aspects really…  
8105 If Francis Ford Coppola had just cut out what may be the weirdest and worst ending ever, cast Winona Ryder instead of his daughter (who is shockingly bad for all but the final few scenes of this), and focused more on Connie and Vinnie, this might've been the perfect ending to a perfect trilogy. Instead it's just alright, and as much as I generally hate the idea of sequels, I could stand to see them take another stab at sticking the landing here. 
8106 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  the last 30 mins were great bc Sofia Coppola finally dropped dead and so did her acting career 🥶  
8107 h 
8108  This has been on my watch list since I made an account on this site back in February 2013. I never sought it out or went out of my way to try to watch it in any capacity because I heard so many bad things about this film. Having finally watched it all these years later I can understand people's frustrations with this film. The cinematography lacks the inspiration of the first two films and the writing and the acting…  
8109 love the way it detournes the earlier parts of the trilogy, converting its cynicism into pure human feeling. everything is now totally subsumed by capital in this world. the family business is corporatized and the don's job is just boardroom negotiations in skyscrapers. that's why the violence is more surprising here, and why it was a smart move to make it ridiculous and schlocky. 
8110 i accidentally read a spoiler so that ruined the ending for me :/also this isnt so bad 
8111 Tem todo um lance nacionalista nos dois primeiros filmes que nesse último não existe. Eu entendo que os filmes vão evoluindo de forma que o modo de fazer dinheiro nos Estados Unidos também muda, mas eu acho o patriotismo a cereja no bolo dessa trilogia. É tecnicamente impecável como não se esperava menos mas é o menos cativante dos três. 
8112  Don't really know what to think of this one. Of course, I'm in line with consensus in thinking Sofia Coppola is just horrendously cast, and she's playing a very bland character that the film's focus shifts to far too often, which is unfortunately a bigger problem because she's a crux of the whole narrative by the end. The rest isn't bad per se, it's just so dull. Michael suddenly feeling remorseful feels out of place, but it's a necessary narrative…  
8113 Not sure if I want to rate it as a stand alone film or in comparison to its predecessors...It just felt smudged up and unbalanced (the tone maybe?). Too much forboding music and oranges. I did like the way Michael looked at Kay when they held hands across the table. 
8114  Godfather: Part III has an inescapable reputation that boils down to two main points: 1) it does not reach the impossible heights of the originals, 2) Sofia Coppola's performance ruins the movie. Neither of these things are totally untrue. Yet watching nearly 30 years later, in isolation, with expectations set quite low, this feels like a special kind of old fashioned film we rarely see anymore. It's grand, it's elegant, it's beautifully lit - and it gives emotional closure for…  
8115  Leave the gun, the cannoli, AND this movie. After watching the first two films of the series, I was convinced part 3 would follow suit in excellence and tie everything up nicely (even though part 2 would have made a sufficient ending). Honestly, the moment I saw a teenage Sofia Coppola playing Michael’s daughter, Mary, lusting after her first cousin, I knew this film was probably doomed. No hate towards her, but the nepotism (among the cousin fucking and other…  
8116 “Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in.”Best: Acting, editing, cinematography, 3rd act, scoreWorst: 1st act, Sofia Coppola, cousin and Michael’s daughter relationship 😖, some moments of ADRNotable Bit: Coincidentally, the Vatican Bank once owned Paramount Pictures.7.3/10 
8117  J'attendais de voir le 3e avant de commenter un peu sur la trilogie. La 3e partie est probablement la plus émouvante, mais j'aurais peut-être du regarder ses autres films après Godfather 2 avant de sauter au 3e volet...Je suis sur Letterboxd depuis un moment pour taper de quoi et j'arrive pas à dire quelque chose de cohérent sur cette trilogie...Alors, quelques notes brèves...- Dans le 3e, Coppola cherche à se distancier des deux premiers Godfather (avec raison…  
8118 I was surprised by how much better this was compared to the way people talk about it but still found myself disappointed in some aspects of it. 
8119 The Academy, after watching Al Pacino's performance in The Godfather (1970): okay but Marlon BrandoThe Academy, after watching Al Pacino's performance in The Godfather Part II (1974):The Academy, after watching Al Pacino's performance in The Godfather Part III (1990): okay but wouldn't it be VERY FUNNY if we gave an Oscar to Andy Garcia, literally the second worst actor in this movie right after Sofia Coppola, instead? 
8120 Not as bad as I was expecting. Unfortunately, Sofia Coppola's performance is. Not a huge bother to me though; she went on to become a decorated director whose films I greatly enjoy, while Winona Ryder was able to star in Edward Scissorhands, an incredibly more well written movie and one of my all-time favorites. 
8121  (For my thoughts on Part II, I think the second is even better than the first. Part II is pretty much two movies in one, and the sequel just compels and expand the universe even more, and I sure loved it.)For Part III, I was a little surprised that most people on Letterboxd rated this movie 3 stars. To me, that seems a little harsh. I get that most people compare this film to the others, which is understandable,…  
8122  The end of an era.A not so fitting end to a trilogy with two of some of the best films ever made that precede it. The Godfather Part III isn't as terrible as you would expect based on how people talk about it, but it isn't even NEAR the quality or bar that Part 1 and 2 set. What really holds Part 3 back from being a pretty solid film is not only the mediocre performances from Sofia Coppola and…  
8123 I realize I'm completely discrediting myself from any prior and future reviews/ratings, but this was the most entertaining film of the Godfather trilogy for me. If by any millionth of a chance someone has the same opinion, you should reach out to me cause we're obviously meant to be together. 
8124  This marks an interesting conclusion to the Godfather Trilogy for the way it extrapolates Michael out into the future and tests the theory that the more successful one becomes, the more crooked the enterprise. Michael wants out, and for the most part he is out, but in global politics on this level there's always moral compromise and corruption, as we've seen in each of the two other films.I think the film loses the focus of the series in a…  
8125 Everyone that says this is a terrible movie is wrong. The entire opera sequence is stellar and this is a fantastic and incredibly downbeat end to the trilogy.Also, once I had gotten used to Sophia Coppola, she wasn't bad. Plus, she was super pretty and so was Andy Garcia. 
8126  This is the first time I've watched it in its entirety. I watched parts of it on TV but the Sofia Coppola scenes caused me to change to channel every single time. Watching it this time, from the beginning, I wasn't annoyed with her. I don't know if it's because I watched it from the beginning or me growing as a film watcher (the last time I tried watching it, I was still in high school). With the Sofia business…  
8127  Released sixteen years after the second installment in the legendary Godfather series, I was hesitant to watch The Godfather Part III because, obviously, it has universally been deemed inferior to the first two films.Which I can see. How many third installments live up to the first two movies? Off the top of my head there's Return of the Jedi, The Last Crusade, Return of the King, and Toy Story 3.And upon watching this nearly three hour long feature,…  
8128  Part of my rewatch list. I was hoping the years its been since I've seen this much hated third outing into the Corleone family would give me some sort of new insight that would make me see it as an underrated masterpiece. Nope. Props to Coppola for actually attempting with a movie as its one of the few instances outside of the 70s you can actually see him trying to weave his craft. He fails more times than he succeeds…  
8129 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   As most critics I don't find the film unwatchable. Sure its not as perfect as the first two films but still a well made film. The expection were so high that after 16 years it was nearly possible to make a film in the same quaIity. + The film is beautiful shot, especally the scences in Sicily.+ The last 40 minutes are great. The symbiosis between italian opera and the assassination of the enemies. Its a nice reference to…   
8130 The most underrated movie of the trilogy and I really don't know why. It brings so many good things of the previous two movies.The only fault of the movie I can point it's Sofia Coppola and her awful acting. Besides that, a great, decent ending for one of the greatest trilogies in movie history. 
8131 Incredible to see how much Al Pacino's acting style changed between 2 and 3. I wonder at what point he lost some of his subtlety and just started barking. 
8132  Considering the first two Godfather films are legendary masterworks in cinema, the third film in the Corleone crime saga is a bit of a disappointment. The film lacks the sheer power and intensity of the first two films. The film is almost a dud, and despite it's legendary title, The Godfather Part III is an average film in the thrilling Corleone crime sage. Al Pacino manages to keep this film afloat, but Sofia Coppola takes it down a notch. This…  
8133 J'ai bien aimé 
8134 the difference between the first two and the final movie of the trilogy is astronomical but the last 30 minutes especially the ending made me wanna rip my heart out of sadness. it makes sense for me to ignore everything bad to give it 4 stars 
8135 I dread you 
8136 Al Pacino does his best, but Andy Garcia’s grinning and unfortunately disappointing performance by Sofia Coppola (who is an incredibly gifted writer). Definitely doesn’t have anywhere NEAR the sizzle of the first two. Then again few films do 
8137 Melhor do que o segundo. Da um final digno a toda a história. 
8138 Zum Glück nur die zweite Hälfte gesehen. Komplett hätt ichs auch nicht geschafft 
8139  “What is the point of confessing if I don’t repent?”The Godfather Part III brings only the same elite scale it’s predecessors are presented with- what is now missing is natural emotion, tension between characters, and a more focused narrative. To put it simply, nothing here comes close to the heights of parts one and two. I will die for Sofia Coppola on any day of the week, but it’ll always be a baffling decision by her father to cast…  
8140 “Never hate your enemies, it affects your judgment”Favorite Performance: Al Pacino as Don Michael Corleone 
8141 vaya pedazo de trilogía 
8142 "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!".Nunca vão me convencer de que este filme é ruim, NUNCA! 
8143 One of the worst haircuts (Al Pacino) and one of the best haircuts (Andy García) in cinema history all within one movie... 
8144 مو مثل الاول والثاني عطبوها الجزء ذا  
8145 idk i was looking at sofia coppola the whole time 
8146 michael corleone é um macbeth moderno: "it is a tale told by an idiot, full of sound and fury, signifying nothing." 
8147 Coppola está bem (a sua melhor na trilogia), os atores estão bem, o roteiro peca principalmente no início do filme, o que não dá é você fazer uma trilogia que começa com Gabinete do doutor Caligari, Nosferatu e termina com Heathers, é um bom filme mas parece não se encaixar no conjunto da trilogia.Parte do ódio do ódio sobre esse filme em específico vem pela desconstrução do personagem do Michel, que havia criado uma legião de incels, é nada mais óbvio do que todo esse ódio cair sobre uma mulher, que nem estava tãooo ruim assim no filme. 
8148  When creating two of the best movies of all time, how do follow it up?As a movie by itself, this is fine. An engaging enough story about a man realizing he isn’t at the top of his game anymore, but is trying anything he can to stay on top. Al Pacino is pretty great as always, but the supporting cast can’t even compare to the previous films. Especially Sofia Coppola. I honestly feel bad for her. She can’t act,…  
8149 Долго откладывал этот фильм из-за оценок,но все-таки он не так плохо как кажется.Не знаю кому и за что нравится Винсент,потому что мне он кажется максимально плоским как персонаж относительно других,о Мэри можно даже не говорить.Запретите снимать фильмы про детей известных персонажей,я не могу вспомнить так сразу даже успешные примеры.Да,этот фильм показался мне максимально необязательным,но все же к истории Майкла нет вопросов,когда он на экране фильм даже очень хорош 
8150 This film was a perfect way to end off this trilogy. It really solidified this trilogy as one of the greatest. ps why were the cousins touching each other 
8151  The 'Mario Puzo's The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone' Cut: Francis Ford Coppola is a filmmaker unafraid to return to his masterworks - of which he has gifted us several - and finesse, redefine or in some cases recalibrate them again with a different directorial gaze that's come with maturity as a filmmaker, technological advancements or simply an opportunity to allow them to breathe or move differently than at the time of their release.His return to THE…  
8152 Assisti-o gripado, devo ter soltado umas três ou quatro lágrimas, talvez pela febre, embora esse final realmente seja uma coisa muito poderosa – e me lembrou bastante Era Uma Vez na América. 
8153 A família Coppola precisava muito de dinheiro nessa época 
8154 every time i remember winona ryder should’ve been mary corleone my chest hurts 
8155  Never quite reaches the highs of parts 1 and 2, but this gets way too much shit. Pacing is a little rough and Sofia Coppola is really not good, but I was expecting much worse given the reputation. My biggest issue is the lack of Tom Hagen, it's a huge hole that would have made up for a lot of this film's shortcomings. I think if it wasn't a follow up to two of the most important american films of…  
8156 I think going in with very low expectations is the thing that made me end up giving it a high rating. 
8157 It’s lonely at the top of the mountain. 
8158 ”We’re in Sicily. It’s opera.” 
8159 Gesehen im CODA-Cut.Auch wenn er die Genialität der Vorgänger vermissen lässt, bietet „Der Pate 3“ genug ikonische Momente, um zu unterhalten. Michael Schrei auf der Treppe erzeugt bei mir immer noch Gänsehaut.Insgesamt ein gefälliger Abschluss. 
8160  The version of this film which I saw is The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. The intended version of this film.This epilogue of the first two films has a complex story which has its moments of being a bit confusing and sometimes lacks the magic of its two predecessors. Al Pacino delivers a great performance, as does the rest of the cast except Sophia Coppola and Andy García, whose performance is at first not so good in my…  
8161  O pior filme da saga.O Al Pacino é incrível. Eu conheço pessoas que acham ele bonito mesmo com 9192938383 anos, não vou citar nomes, e nem entrar nessa discussão. Mas o cara arrebenta no filme.Massssssss o que a Sofia Coppola tem de habilidade na direção, ela tem de má atriz, pqp, ela é uma porta atuando, e olha que eu posso até estar deixando as portas ofendidas.Senti também a ausência do Robert Duvall.A história do filme…  
8162 melhor do que eu lembrava, mas o primeiro ainda é intocável, tanto é que esse referencia até demais o primeiro.tem seus problemas, sofia coppola atuando é uma desgrama, mas os pontos fortes se sobresaem, a direção do coppola ainda é absurda. 
8163 כמה פותנציאל היה פה שפשוט נזרק לפח. כמה ירידה באיכות הסרט הזה מקודמיו כאילו בצורה עצובה. הקאט הזה פשוט מזעזע, עריכות שלא זורמות בכלל מסצנה א לסצנה ב, בימוי מוזר שמשום מה מחליט לביים מלא סצנות מרחוק בלי פואנטה. הקליימקס היה מבולגן וכל כך מאכזב ומזה הסוף הזה, ככה אתה מסיים את הטריולוגיה אני מבין שזה גרסת במאי אבל מזה המעבר המהיר הזה. ראיתי תסוף המקורי וזה טוב, למה לשצוץ ממנו... וסופיה קופולה פשוט לא.פשוט אכזבה כי יכל להיות פה משהו טוב שהיה מסיים תטריולוגיה כמו שצריך אבל באמת חבל. 
8164 never hate your enemies, it affects your judgement. corleone, michaela última parte da grande triologia do coppola (assisti o coda cut, pra clarificar)diferentemente dos outros, o filme não desceu da mesma maneira, de forma que mesmo o filme sendo menor, é mais exaustivo que os antecessoresmesmo assim, ainda acho a obra boa, e necessária pra concluir a história de michael corleone. 
8165 It's okay.The opera scene was very well done tho. But the acting from Michael's daughter is pretty bad ngl. 
8166 unpopular opinion: i enjoyed this film so much. i expected it to be much worse, but the story was really interesting and emotional, i was on the edge of my seat for the last 30 minutes and even teared up at the end so it’s getting 5 stars from me, idc! maybe i get impressed too easily but this was great, i’m not gonna lie. the godfather trilogy is truly legendary and amazing. i wish i would have watched it sooner! 
8167 Um encerramento digno de uma das maiores trilogia do cinema.A direção magnífica do Ford Coppola é surreal, todo carinho é atenção q ele teve com o filme é fantástico.O único real problema é a atuação da Sofia Coppola e o lance do incesto que zoou um pouco o filme, mas por causa disso não deixa de ser bomNota: 8,5/10 
8168  I know this isn’t the popular opinion with this film but aside from some general flaws and weakness compared to the first two, I think this film is still an incredibly beautiful way of closing the chapter to this phenomenal trilogy.In the first film, we see Michael sacrifice his goodness to serve his family. In the second, we see how his greed and desire of power turned him into a stone hearted man. But in this final film, we…  
8169 i am also a godfather part three apologist 🫶 
8170  Now if only I were going to Sicily with Isabella… It was weird that this one took place so much later, but I’m not gonna lie, I definitely liked it more than the second one. There was some redemption!!!! We needed to see that for Michael especially after pt II GEEZ. Definitely not as iconic but it wrapped things up pretty well I’d say. I realized 2 things over the course of this film (and please know that these 2…  
8171 Watchable I guess 
8172 Im going to be reasonable and say that if we got rid of the unnecessary incest full love angle and numerous occations of bad acting, we’d have ourselves a very good movie. This film manages to briefly touch on some potential themes or story threads but hardly delved into enough to even warrant including in the first place. One example being how there is some remorce felt over Fredo but is only touched upon again a couple of times but never has any real consequence on the overall narrative or Michael. Aside from some very obvious issues, im satisfied with how Michaels story was wrapped up. 
8173 The Metal Gear Rising of Godfather films. Absolutely insane movie.  
8174  The Godfather, Coda: “The Death of Michael Corleone” 2020 Cut First time seeing this new cut of the film and first time revisiting Part 3 in any form in many years. It doesn’t deserve the reputation it has. Sofia Coppola is not the car crash you think she’s just inexperienced and it’s not a well written part. Pacino is a very different performer by this time but his excessive stylings do often fit the melodramatic tone of this coda. If…  
8175 hey francis let’s just take a second and talk about why you decided to conclude this trilogy with an incest plot 
8176 >recut version is called The Death of Michael Corleone>cuts the part where he actually dies of old age in 1997 
8177 This gets added then taken down but idk they should fix everything 
8178 Was really good and the mafia was very accurate. Really liked how the movie. 
8179 If they cast Joey King instead of Al Pacino, none of this would have happened. 
8180 The third one 
8181  the best part of this movie was the flashbacks to the first two films.here is my list of thoughts because i have too many:1. INCEST??? INCEST??? NOT ONE SINGLE PERSON TOOK THE TIME OUT OF THEIR DAY TO WARN ME THERE WOULD BE FIRST COUSIN INCEST??2. sofia coppola’s acting here was just terrible. really lowered the quality of the whole film3. imo the title really kind of spoiled the whole thing4. why were more ppl…  
8182 andy garcia in this movie looks like a hybrid of young robert de niro and luke wilson 
8183 Michael Corleone - "Never hate your enemies. It affects your judgement." 
8184 The Godfather III isn’t as good as the first two but it has one thing that the others do not. That is, of course, a cameo from Scorsese’s mother. 
8185 Pretty happy I finally saw this, the runtime went down quite quickly which I didn’t expect. The pacing and narrative are strong , and there’s a lot of great shots and framing too. Pacino is good and mostly restrained, all the other performances are pretty weak, I don’t think any are contenders for worst of all time but they’re not good.Not really a worthy follow up all things considered but still a great film to me that isn’t a disappointment considering parts 1 and 2 aren’t topped by most films in general.Highly recommended, top 10 of 1990. 
8186 I watched the new “The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone” cut.This works significantly better when thought of as an epilogue instead of a sequel. It doesn’t give you anything you didn’t get in the first two, but it codifies Michael’s damnation for time everlasting. 
8187 maybe the best third movie in a trilogy ever made. also maybe the biggest gulf between it and its predecessors. but it’s marvelous! 
8188 It's a shadow of the two masterpieces that preceded it but there are many moments that come close to reaching those same highs. 
8189  MARIO PUZO’S THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONENever hated THE GODFATHER PART III, but always felt something was missing. Something was wrong. It wasn’t until a few years after watching it, something I read in an interview with Coppola that forced me to look at the film in new light: he had never intended it to be the third part in a trilogy. Candidly, he had never meant to make it at all (read: this was a…  
8190 Confused lmao 
8191 After watching the 3 films still dont have a clue what actually happened. Spent most of the film being weirded out by the 2 cousins that were madly in love with eachother 
8192 for the first hour / hour and a half i enjoyed the movie, then it starts to be really flat and makes you completely divert your attention; i dont think its a worthy conclusion of the trilogy 
8193 The Godfather: Part III always felt like a cheap knock off of the first two films but I also always kind of liked it. I was hoping this new "Coda" version Coppola oversaw might present the movie in a different light, but aside from making it shorter (which is a good thing) and changing the opening to make it more concise and set the narrative immediately in motion, it's clear that the movie's deeper issues can't be fixed with a new "cut." Whichever version you watch, the movie is good enough as a stand-alone, but extremely disappointing when compared to the first two. 
8194 (the new cut of course) 
8195 weird, i didn’t think this movie existed? Huh. wonder why they put it on here. weird 
8196  THIS IS NOT A REVIEW OF THE CODA CUT... THIS SPEAKS ON THE ORIGINAL PICTURE.my oh my, there's so many things i could say about the godfather: part III.so i'm going to say it.there's so many things that amounted to this being a subpar, completely inadequate viewing experience. within and outside of the context of this trilogy... it literally feels disrespectful. i just don't get it.the immense amount of disrespect is evident, on and off the…  
8197 Foi a nova versão que vi... Uma bosta.A original é 5 estrelas. 
8198 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone“These are the alternate takes Ton’.”“What, are you gonna call Coppola with ideas on how to fix it?” 
8199 Say what you will about it, it is the only godfather with an elvis Costello song in it 
8200  I’ve always been a defender of The Godfather Part III, which I feel is only guilty of not being as good as the original two masterpieces. So I’ve been looking forward to seeing this re-edited revisit from Coppola. Outside of a revamped opening, and a slightly (but meaningfully) tweaked ending, not much has been changed, with just a few edits here and there resulting in a slightly reduced runtime. That may read minor, but the changes do make a difference.…  
8201  [THIS IS A REVIEW OF THE CODA CUT!]Didn’t think they would be showing the new recut of The Godfather, Part III in cinemas especially around my local area, but I’m glad they did. I was a bit late to catch the new opening, but watching this in the way Francis Ford Coppola originally intended was just slightly more enjoyable than the original theatrical cut, just like expected. There’s not really any extra scenes, mainly a new opening and ending,…  
8202 "It seems in today's world, the power to absolve debt is greater than the power of forgiveness."The blocking of the garden confession. "They hear the name Corleone, they're gonna think of a voice"This movie is much more deliberate and aching than I remember. I love the subtext of the city and the text of power. So many perfect shots that last for 2 seconds. 
8203  Haber, cuando vez la otras dos y después vez esta hay un claro downgrade abismal, pero La Parte III es una buena película. Una gran película. Pedirle que estuviera al mismo nivel que las otras no es solo pedir mucho, es que no se que cojones haces pidiendo más. Pasaré de sus cosas negativas y solo me centraré en las positivas para variar. La fotografía sigue siendo brutal. La banda sonora sigue igual de buena. La dirección es buenísima y…  
8204 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I don't understand why people shit on this, its good film and it would've been a great film if they removed the scene of him falling down it would've been nice if just the orange or just add 30 mins and show his lonely life after the death of his daughter and then in that 30 mins show how people who loved him left him alone and lonely then this ending would make this film a masterpiece  
8205  Wanted to rewatch the original before Coppola releases his directors cut on December 4th. The Godfather: Part III gets a lot of flack, and that’s because it is compared with its predecessors. Almost any film is inferior in comparison with the first two, so when you look at this as a separate film, it truly is wonderful. Coppola never intended for this to be a sequel to Part II; he always wanted to explore how the decisions Michael made in his…  
8206 andy garcia if you’re reading this i’m free on friday night and would like to hang out please respond to this and hang out with me on friday night when i am free 
8207  Life got in the way of me watching all three Godfathers in relative succession so it’s been about a month since I was underwhelmed by Part II. You could argue the narrative might have lost some momentum because of that, but I’d say momentum is not something Coppola and Puzo seem interested in anyway. And if we are putting all our cards on the table, I think by installment número tres, it’s become painfully clear that what The Godfather Trilogy…  
8208 Young Sofia Coppola is a yes from me 
8209  “My coat, my lucky coat!”Watching people age is fascinating and terrifying and as a human body, Al Pacino is an amazing tool to stress how much people change throughout their life. That’s where the godfather 3 works, with Michael at the twilight of his life, no longer as dangerous or necessarily as cold but lying in the bed that he made in his adult life. He no longer feels like the Michael of the first two films but 20…  
8210  LOOOOOL THIS ENTIRE FILMS ON SMOKEimagine being so boring for so long and then moving that mad in the third act for no damn reasonSPOILERS AHEADthe incest???? vincent bro are u calm??? why does he kiss hands like he’s trying to eat them why the FUCK did connie kill off that old fucker with the cannoli ahahahaha what do u gain from it bro mans bout to die from old age anywaywhy was anthony so god…  
8211 بعد ما عطبها قال قوموا نصلي الله يتقبل يا مايك 
8212 Can't believe they bimbofied the godfather... 
8213 I blame the boomers for this mess 
8214 Wow, the opera part, that’s cinema. Still, this was hard to watch, it was just Michael’s life sucking throughout the whole movie.  Man, i’m sad. I didn’t know how it ended. Why was I so feared? I was no less honorable. I wanted to do good. What betrayed me? My mind? My heart? Why do I condemn myself so?This monologue hit me hard.  Análise_meme.com. 
8215 after the first two films set the bars for me, this third one really fell flat. not to mention the incest thing going on and i don't think anyone vibed with that. 
8216 Watching this movie was an eye opening experience really, this quarantine has truly changed me and it took watching al Pacino lookin like fucking Martin short in the Santa clause 3 for 2 and half hours to realize that. Who gave him that stupid ass middle school fuckboy spiky hair. he looks like he should’ve been cast in spy kids. I would like to sincerely apologize for my reviews of the last two movies these are desperate times i promise i actually hate Italians 
8217  I'll go out on a limb here and say that if the previous two Godfather films didn't exist then this would be considered a great gangster epic. But then again, it needs the other two films to make sense so there we go.Anyway, I still don't get all the hate for this film, Yes, it's not as good as either of the other two but how many sequels made 16-odd years after their previous entry live up to a…  
8218  Francis Ford Coppola needed the money and I needed another Godfather movie. Hype and expectations are two factors than most likely will affect your opinion on a movie. So, did I watch The Godfather Part III thinking it would be a masterpiece as the previous two? No. I rather watched it thinking it would be crap because all the negative comments.So is Part III as any good as the previous two? Hell no. Is it an entertaining and good…  
8219 Ve Godfather rewatch bitti. Part III’ün hala gideri var. 
8220 I like how they strategically made this film bad in order to highlight how good the first two are. 
8221 I think the movie won't make it's mind if Vincent's arc is supposed to be a cautionary tale that Michael can't end the cycle of violence or the story of his rise. Likewise the Rome plot is the equivalent of the trade federation talks in the Phantom Menace. Probably sounded very compelling in the head of the Director but very dull to follow in practice. 
8222 didn’t quite enjoy it as much as the second one. this would be the “worst” in the trilogy 
8223 Look how they massacred my trilogy… 
8224  Put the new Coda re-edit on, 20 mins later decided this ain't it and returned to the original. As much as i like the idea of branding this story an epilogue and focus on Michael's Death, the grand poetry and ties to the first 2 films especially with new characters make it deserving of a full third part imo.I get the reception to this film, idk why the need to recut it to pander to that tho? Robert Duvall…  
8225 silvio's favorite movie 
8226 I still liked this movie enough, but it is by far the hardest to get through of the trilogy. 
8227 But he's your first cousinThen I love him firstAbolsute genius, thank you, these words struck deep into my soul and made me cry out of cringe 
8228 what a disgrace to the series. a blatant, soulless cash grab, a laughably clunky script, character choices that feel cobbled together from fan theories of the time, and i'm sure it doesn't help that by this time, al pacino was at a point in his career where his acting had fallen into self-parody. abominably mediocre!!! diane keaton and my unending love for kay as a character is this installment's only saving grace imo 
8229 Death of Michael Corleone cut is superior except for the end. 
8230 Not as bad as people say. Although, compared to the others, it feels sluggish and directionless for long periods. but I had a fine time with it. 
8231 Ok je suis d'accord que c'est le moins bon de la trilogie, MAIS le film reste quand même bon 
8232 Watched the CODA edit. 
8233 Disgusting. Lost all the magic that the 1st and 2nd movies had. It’s incredible how much the quality dipped. Where did the formula go? What happened? 
8234 It doesn’t have the feel of the originals, but Andy Garcia is good and Pacino gets better as the movie progresses. 
8235 What an awful ending of an awful ending to what could have been a nearly flawless trilogy. While it wasn’t as bad as most people made it out to be, it’s true that Sofia Coppola’s performance is abysmal, unintentionally and ironically proving that nepotism is real. 
8236 Watched The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone without having seen the theatrical cut. 
8237 Everyone says this is the best Godfather but I'm not so sure. 
8238 three stars for the confession scene and the confession scene only 
8239  As unnecessary as a film can get. I’ll be honest, Sofia wasn’t even the main reason I found this painfully bad in comparison to the first two chapters of the trilogy. It was more so because the entire story just felt pointless and often times kinda weird! Writing a conclusion to Michael Corleone, sure. Including a subplot where your daughter’s character bangs her cousin, huh?! Not just that but it all seemed as if it was trying to replicate things…  
8240 🍅🍅🍅 
8241 “he’s your first cousin”“then i love him first!” what in the karen from mean girls 😭 
8242 Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in! 
8243 The biggest piece of dog shit 
8244  watched the new cut from Coppola! i like how all the movies start with a party and you can read so far into how that party, particularly who is at that party, represents where the Corleone family isthoughts as the movie went:love the irony of anthony being the michael of the next generation, someone who wanted nothing to do with his father’s plans for himsofia coppola’s acting debut in her dads movie starts with her heavily flirting with her…  
8245 Boring. 
8246 waste of time 
8247  [Original Cut: The Godfather Part III]This movie could have been carried on the backs of Al Pacino, Talia Shire and Diane Keaton. Their incredible talent makes you believe that this movie might actually be something. But between the confusing plot, Vincent's crappy story, and Sofia Coppola's AWFUL acting, well... It all just collapses in on itself.I really wanted to love this, just how I wanted to love it 17 years ago when I saw it for the first…  
8248 what’s your opinion on the incest godfather movie? as far as i’m concerned all godfather movies are the incest godfather movie 
8249  Here’s the thing: it’s not as good as the first two. For sure! But it’s still an incredible film. It suffers from a few crucial missteps, namely a few casting choices, but ultimately it still is excellent. It fails to fully articulate the focus of its narrative, leaving you feeling the memory of a Godfather film, but not the actual essence of one. It’s a little disappointing, but I still loved it. I think Al Pacino never having won an…  
8250 🌟 ScoresPlot: 10/10Acting: 10/10Music: 10/10Cinematography: 9/10Writing: 10/10Ending: 9/10Overall: 10/10🙇‍♂️ Personal Opinion (Spanish)Vi está trilogía entera. Sinceramente me parece bellísima, una trama súper interesante y muy avanzada para la época. Eso sí, para mí gusto tenía que terminar en la 2, pero muy pocos se animan a armar una trilogía y coppola lo consiguió, este tipo de películas tienen que ser reconocidas de acá a mil años. y también:Un hombre que no le dedica tiempo a su familiar jamás será un hombre completo.ESTO ES MUCHO MAS QUE CINE 🚬🚬🚬🚬🚬 
8251 i have a bone to pick with whoever decided that an incest plot was necessary 
8252 All the bad things about the first 2 films in 1 movie, also that nepo acting was bad 
8253 scammer get scammed 
8254 yeah i like this man 
8255 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   1.5 stars out of 5. It's not personal, Godfather III, it's strictly business.Michael Corleone does not feel like Michael Corleone. Something about his demeanor in this film compared to the second film was awful to watch—like an itch that needs to be scratched (and it never does get scratched, ever). It is almost damning how his characterization here feels entirely separate from its predecessors.Where is Tom Hagen? Where is Tom Hagen? Where is Tom Hagen? Where is... This…   
8256 The third act is incredible, Diane Keaton and Al Pacino are just astonishing 
8257 Yay, I survived the three! Ya know, not as interesting as the first two, seems simplified - Mafia for Dummies - recycling many of their ideas and themes. But not much development, and sadly with a predictable ending.Would be interesting to refresh my memory of the original part 3, for comparison. But hey, it's still decent, fur sure. Guess this sh1t happens once you've killed all your 'interesting' friends, enemies & family off. Being legit, is obv overrated... **DOHfather 
8258  Definitely an unpopular opinion but this has a case to be my favorite of the trilogy. Part II may be a better film overall but I think I may have enjoyed Part III/Coda more. It’s a shorter film and a little faster paced which I enjoyed and I think it was the best performance by Al Pacino out of the three. The helicopter scene was also sick and I thought the ending was very good. I think it’s definitely underrated…  
8259 You look beautiful cuz 
8260 The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone 
8261 Thus concludes Film 4’s showing of the Godfather trilogy. Whilst I’ve read that the 30th anniversary version is better than the original I would be curious to watch the latter unfortunately unless the original has no Sofia Coppola and the return of Robert Duvall I doubt it would change the film’s rating So excited for Megalopolis 
8262 decent enough i think 
8263  Putting The Godfather Part III defender on my résumé. And I’m NOT talking about the Coda Cut, either! (Although this does feel like it drags sometimes, really because some of the scenes in the film love to build tension before actually fully explaining what there is to be so tense about) Michael Corleone is now an old man. He made his bed decades earlier and is now haunted by the ghosts of his past. We never see Vito, Sonny or…  
8264 Dogshit 
8265 Overhated 
8266  I was reluctant to watch this as I’ve heard not too many favorable reviews especially in comparison to the first 2. But wow. I truly believe this final chapter in the godfather trilogy is just as good as the rest. Legit brought a tear (or few) to my eyes. Very beautiful shots, some of the best I’ve ever seen in cinema if I’m being completely honest. Below are a few of my favorite quotes from the movie:- “The mind…  
8267 The final film in the Godfather trilogy didn’t match the original two but it was a nice sequel nonetheless. I enjoyed seeing Michael and more development in the Corleone family story. The ending of the film was the highlight for me, it was devastating to watch but so well done. I’m sad i’ve finished the Godfather trilogy, it was amazing to experience for the first time. 
8268 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Wait, this is incest!  
8269 Brilliant 
8270  Robert Duvall did right to deny this after finding out he wasnt going to get payed "enough" for it. Al Pacino is adorable in this. I mean hes not Michael Corleone, hes literally a cute guy trying to get by. Sofia Coppola is stiff if you are looking for a even worse actor I would say Andy Garcia. My reasoning for this is first his character being seductive by saying he dated 8-year-olds at 15 and getting on with his…  
8271 Finalmente anche Il Padrino nel Suore Cinematic Universe 
8272 go kuraclp 
8273 Watched the Coda versionI feel pretty bad for Sofia Coppola, especially considering it seems like she didn’t even really want to do this, but she is by far the worst part here. And it only gets magnified even more when she’s opposite Pacino, which is like half of her scenes.Besides that, it’s unnecessary but fine. Obviously worse than the first two, but it’s not unwatchable or anything 
8274  “Do the donkey for me,” about sums this up. What makes this most disappointing, in my opinion, is that the potential was there for a story that was both profound and creatively justified as a belated return to The Godfather saga—but what we ended up getting was best left at the conceptual phase.Al Pacino’s performance as a desiccated Michael Corleone, paired with the character’s desperate campaign for redemption while in the throes of deserved torment over his decades-prior fratricide,…  
8275  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone Okay, so the story itself isn’t bad, it’s mediocre; it’s like that movie from the 80s/90s that your uncle is super nostalgic about and loves but you know it’s just whatever so you just let him have it—too specific?? The thing is, how do I put it, it’s like it fell from the heights of part I and part II and crashed right on its face. It’s just mediocre so it never…  
8276 unnecessary 
8277 Everything about this is 1989 and not remotely 1979. (That ain’t a knock.) 
8278 The rumors are true Sofia Coppola is terrible in this. WHY DOES IT END WITH THE RAGING BULL THEME SONG WHAT.REVIEW UPDATEwait what is up with the cousin falling in love with other cousin storyline like what?????? On further thinking this movie is not very good 
8279 probably would have liked it more if my dad didn't pause every 20 minutes to explain why he named me after the antagonist 🔥 
8280 Kinda stinky 
8281  Just an absolute disgrace. I can't even think of one thing this movie does right. The performances range all the way from middling to garbage with a ridiculous 90s Pacino and Sofia Coppola being about as good as the non-actors that Ken Loach picks off the side of the road. The dialogue is unnatural, characters change on a dime, cliché scenes, and at times the film feels like a parody. It's hard to shake the feeling that nobody cared about…  
8282  kinda sucked. since the death of tony baminaboni in part 2 it lost a lot of it's driving force and they kinda wrote themselves into a corner, not to mention the lack of energy without him. baminaboni was essential to making the first two godfather films what they are. the film cheaply copies it's identity with the first two films and as such it loses everything that made the first so engaging. everything you liked about the first two are…  
8283 Assisti a versão CODA 
8284  მაინცდამაინც ცუდი ფილმი არაა, უბრალოდ ძალიან ცუდი ჩანს წინა ორთან შედარებით.თავიდან ვფიქრობდი, რომ საერთოდ არ იყო საჭირო ამ ნაწილის არსებობა, მაგრამ, ის თემები, რაც შემოყარა ფილმმა (მაიკლის დაბერება/სინდისის ქენჯნა/მონანიება, კათოლიკური ეკლესიის და მაფიის კავშირი, ოჯახის მომავალი, ბიზნესის ლეგიტიმურობა...) იდეაში საინტერესო და რელევანტური იყო, უბრალოდ ბევრად უკეთ შეიძლებოდა განხორციელება. მთავარ პრობლემად პლოტის გაუგებრობა, გადაუნაწილებლობა მომეჩვენება?! მოკლედ, მთავარი პერსონაჟების იქით დიდად გასაგები არ იყო, ვის რა უნდოდა და ვინ რა ქნა. ბიძაშვილების სიყვარულის ისტორია კაი, გაგების დონეზე გასაგებია, მაგრამ ეს 'I…  
8285 Coda is nowhere near as good as the first or even second Godfather, yet still manages to be completely devastating 
8286 AHHHHHH!What’ve they done to my boy???The only person this film was made for was George-Michael Bluth. 
8287 what’s up with the incest part with sofia coppola and what was that acting actually.. but What the fuck the last hour was really good though but the ending has left me very ???????? like i’m very passionate about michael corleone and this being how he ends up is… 
8288  FRBR (Functional Requirements for Bibliographic Records) is a conceptual model used in librarianship to define what a book is. It distinguishes between the work at the highest conceptual level (e.g. Herman Melville's idea of Moby Dick) through the expression and the manifestation to the item at the base physical level (e.g. a specific paperback copy of Moby Dick). Letterboxd (and the TMDB from which it draws data) has records of works whereas I'd argue that it should have records of…  
8289 🙏 catolic vibes 
8290 yes yes we all know that robert duvall isn't in it and sofia coppola was, uhh, not put in a position to succeed but gordon willis goes absolutely klute krazy in the scene where vincent kills the two guys who break into his apartment whe bridget fonda's there. 
8291 ¡mucho mejor de lo que esperaba! entiendo que obviamente no alcanza el estándar que dejaron las primeras dos, y que realmente no hacía falta, pero en realidad está bastante bienmenos mal Sofia se dedicó a la dirección más bien 😬 
8292 not only was this one just completely detached from the other two but the incest storyline makes it like 100x worse 
8293  Watched the new Coda cut.Look, it's far from perfect therefore it's far and away from being as great as the previous two entries. We all know that and it's best to just admit it off the top but the final act in this rules so hard that it leaves room for me to be a little softer on this than most people seem to be. Yes, there are some bad performances from people I won't mention here because Lord…  
8294 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone (2020)“Ayo turn motion smoothing off that damn tv” 
8295  A movie, I think, that gets caught up in a desire to achieve a similarly huge sense of scale as it's predecessors, whilst reckoning with their acclaim. I'm speculating, but it feels like Ford Coppola wanted to create an epic here- an American mythology, so I can see why a lot of story beats are echos of moments in the preceding films, but it comes off instead as a band's re-recorded greatest hits album with little of what made the…  
8296  Finally finishing of the Godfather trilogy which I put off doing for a while only because I didn’t want part III to leave a bad taste when I watched the first two parts for the first time last year. From what I heard about the movie and it’s nightmare of production I wasn’t in a rush to see it. I watched the Coda version which is the edit of the film Francis Ford Coppola himself I believe had a big…  
8297 Cum part 3 
8298 This was a ridiculously bad movie. 
8299 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  god help me when sofia coppola actually dies  
8300 Watched Coda. (I wanted to watch the original theatrical release, but I literally couldn’t find it anywhere). Considering I thought the first film was pointless, this one really didn’t even need to be made tbh. It took me ages to get through it and I honestly considered not even finishing it at all, which I never do. 
8301 Part III has beautiful elements for a film, and definitely isn't a "bad movie". However when you consider it carries the name Godfather, what an embarrassment of a sequel and ending of the trilogy. Even though this has the shortest runtime among the trilogy it feels as if it's longer than the other two. There are many ridiculous and unnecessary features, im willing to act as if this doesn't exist. 
8302 Coda cut. The last 45 minutes (except for Al Pacino's make-up) are stunning, mostly simple, lyrically unadorned stationary shots, close or medium, of faces and hands and doorframes in beautiful wood rooms with red curtains and red flowers and, on the stairs, red blood. Gorgeous 1.85 compositions of decor and architecture and human frailty, and the editing in the Coda cut is quietly devastating. Such black blacks, those shadows, so dark, so deep... 
8303 Էսինչ լավն էր:Մենակ վերջին պահի համար 4.5աստղ կդնեմ,որովհետև էս դերասանական խաղը ուղղակի հզոր էր:Հրաշք էր լուրջ եմ աաում!Ալ պաչինոն բոմբ դերասան ա իրա նմանը չկա ու չի լինելու： 
8304 omg sofia coppola hii o final salva muito esse filme, a ópera acontecendo enquanto passam o rodo em geral que cenaaa morte da mary do nada que raiva tadinho do divo michael corleone queria que ele acabasse feliz 
8305 sofia coppola actress :000 
8306  [CODA]The epilogue of The Godfather duology is a fitting 700th film. Ford Coppola’s definitive edit brings a whole ending to perhaps the greatest story Hollywood has had the graciousness to witness. He diverts from traditional mafiosa as seen in the prior two parts, to a tragedy. One especially similar to that of Romeo & Juliet. The success of this film is largely based in the humane (and underrated, I must say) performance Sofia Coppola brings, and the relationship dynamic between…  
8307 Like I’ve seen worse but it’s no 1. 
8308 Stopped watching it when the cousin were kissing lol 
8309 first time watching this. I see what people were saying about Sofia— she seemed fine (charming, even) in the initial party scene but kind of fizzles in and out from there. it would’ve definitely been interesting to see Winona as Mary instead. that aside, this was not as bad as I heard it would be. and agreed that the third act does, in fact, go crazyon a completely separate note, Sofia’s hair and wardrobe are goooorgeous in this and deserve 5 stars alone 
8310  Hmmmmm..... underwhelming film among other films sa The Godfather trilogy. Hindi niya nakuha yung vibes sa previous two films. Feeling ko dahil 'yon sa setting ng film which takes place in Sicily, Italy rather than in New York or Las Vegas. Also, medyo naka-focus kasi sa corporate things. Ok naman ang story. I like the character of Vincent Corleone assuming the control of the Corleone's (legitimate) empire. Medyo emotionally-charged naman ang redemption arc ni Michael Corleone. I also like the…  
8311 (Coda Cut), lokura total, se nota la mejoría en su totalidad en este corte, obviamente hay errores q no se van a poder arreglar (Sofia Coppola) pero otros están totalmente corregidos. Buen corte pero Coppola, hace un filme en vez de arreglar tus peliculas 
8312 No it’s not The Godfather 1 or 2 but it is still a very decent movie. I was GRIPPED for the last hour especially.Sofia….hmmmmVincent - call me! 
8313  You have to be honest with yourself; this is a relatively good movie. People hate it because it’s not 1 or 2. Those are all time great movies, where either can be considered the best ever. This, clearly, is not that. The need to end the Michael Corleone saga simply had to happen. Al Pacino is still great as Michael Corleone. Andy Garcia was a bit over the top as Vincent, but a welcome addition. Sofia Coppola as Mary is just……  
8314 This film, compared to the previous two, doesn't hold a candle to them. But, on its own right, this is still a very good films, and that ending really makes it work. This film is unfortunately just a shell of what it could've been. The writing, acting and direction just became sloppy and not as interesting as it should've been. It's really quite padded out as well. 
8315  I was overcome with the need to watch this movie, despite not having seen the first two in a long while. As anytime I watch an Al Pacino film, my reaction is always: That's Al Pacino???? For the first two hours I was prepared to say this wasn't that bad, but the last forty minutes confounded me. I could not understand who was killing who, or why... and it just felt very tacked on like "we need to end it…  
8316 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   NOTE: Watched and reviewing The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone version of this movie.I don’t know what about this doesn’t feel like it fits in with The Godfather or The Godfather: Part II, but I can’t put my finger on it. It feels like some fan fiction or a story that was shoehorned into this franchise.Some parts of this are good, some good casting and characters, and this thing looks and sounds gorgeous in 4K Ultra HD.I don’t…   
8317 6/10Ew 
8318 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  that’s what happens when you fuck your cousinindisputably the weakest of the 3, but andy garcia was nice to look at so that bumped my rating up a bit  
8319  72A review to "The Godfather: CODA - The Death of Michael Corleone", click here for the original version.OBVIOUSLY, this is the weakest of the trilogy, it was impossible to create a film as much or more interesting than the first two chapters. It ain't a Godfather film if there isn't a party as the beginning scene of the film; there is a lot to say about this version of the third part, we see a Michael retracing his…  
8320 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  This new director's cut version gets rid of the original ending! That's like the best part of the original Godfather III. Not sure how I feel about this....  
8321  GODDAMN YOU JJAMV MY TRADITION IS BROKEN AND I HAD TO STILL WATCH THIS MOVIE 😭😭😭😭 It’ll all be worth it soon Positives: this film is honestly very entertaining. It holds you from beginning to end. The opera scene drags but the pacing is very good aside from that. Most of the actors are doing great (we love Eli Wallach), it’s shot amazingly, and there are iconic lines. I do also love the ending.Negatives: my god is the story…  
8322  ”I’m beyond redemption”  توقعت اسوأ من كل السمعة السيئة للفيلم ولكن اعتقد انه يجيه كره اكثر مما يستحق، اكيد مايمس ولا يقرب للارث اللي تركوه الفيلمين اللي قبل ولكن كفيلم بحد ذاته اشوفه فيلم عصابات ممتاز. .من بعد ال٣ نسخ اللي شفناها لمايكل نوصل هنا لارك الردمبشن او الخلاص، نشوف مايكل عاجز ويحاول يكفر عن خطاياه ولكن ماضيه لازال يلاحقه، ثيم التوازي والتعاكس اللي كان مبني عليه الجزء الثاني نشوفه هنا برضو لأن رحلة سقوطه فيها نقاط كثير…  
8323 This movie was better than I expected, but is still a let down. Choppy edits, poor acting, and a story that didn’t need to be told. As a stand-alone it’s fine; however, as a part of The Godfather trilogy it’s disappointing.Also, Francis Ford Coppola must have really wanted to see his daughter die. At least, that’s the only explanation there is for him to have cast her. 
8324 bit of a snoozefest.. tho sofia coppola is so pretty here i almost didn't mind her awkward acting 
8325 yay incest 
8326  Look few films can compare to the original two Godfather films, and that’s why I feel Part 3 gets way too much hate. When it comes to a 16 year belated sequel to two best picture winners, it’s as good as one could of hoped for. I’ve always been a defender of this trilogy ender, which is a strong film in its own right. Pacino at this point in his career was already hamming it up to unspeakable levels, so…  
8327  I can confidently say that there was a version of me before The Godfather trilogy and after it. I also think that I’ve walked through it at the right time of my life — I feel like a couple of years earlier I wouldn’t be able to emotionally or mentally connect to most parts of it, while watching Coppola's adaptation later, perhaps, wouldn’t teach me the things I took from it.What I didn’t know and what absolutely baffles me…  
8328  Coda CutI never thought I’d see Barbie products in a Godfather movie.If you’re comparing this film to the previous two masterpieces, the quality of this film goes down by a lot. However, for what it is, I still find this film a decent conclusion. Sofia Coppola’s acting is obviously the clear problem here, as well as the whole Vincent and Mary romance subplot, didn’t feel a thing there, and some scenes just feel tired and dull. BUT, there…  
8329 I mean yeah it's a solid 6-7/10 movie but HOTDANG Sofia Coppola's acting is really excruciating 😭 thank god she realised acting wasn't her thing 
8330 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  s’ils avaient dit « est ce que tu me gnogni? je te gnok meme » quand ils ken dans les gnocchis j’aurais peut être eu quelque chose a foutre de leur cousinade gone wrong bref apres 9h de visionnage du parrain je suis devenue misogyne !!! i cooka da pizza pour babygirl (al pacino)  
8331 longest fucking movie i’ve ever watched 
8332  15 days later! It’s done!!!! My Pacino Party officially starts now!This was maybe the longest feeling movie I have ever watched. I was so incredibly bored for the first hour. So many cringeworthy moments. Like a humiliating number. I had initially planned to write what’s worse, the Clippers signing or this movie, but then part III picked up. And then, I was in. I was in! I mean, wow. Honestly, should I be using spoilers? Probably. It’s also a…  
8333  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneAntes Letterboxd la tenía como película aparte, pero ahora solo se puede loguear acá, así que como finalmente la vi, la comento.Para lo único que tiene más talento que para hacer películas este gordo hermoso es para meterte la mano en el bolsillo. La película es LA MISMA película que la que conocemos, que ya era prácticamente perfecta y no necesitaba ningún retoque. Sin mencionar la restauración, los cambios en general…  
8334 Avan kedakuraan, idhu nalla iruku 
8335 Yo what's up with the cousin loveApparently Robert Duvall didn't do Tom in this movie because he wanted more money, so that's always disappointing.I think I was too harsh on the first 2, they definitely deserve 4.5. Such an all around awesome trilogy. My love for Pacino is so much bigger after watching these. Italians are so cool bro. Can't wait to possibly visit some of the places in these movies. I wonder what the Italians think of them.All 3 of these are going on my pending top 50.Such a tragic ending.Thank you Michael Corleone. 
8336 “I swear, on the lives of my children: Give me a chance to redeem myself, and I will sin, no more. 
8337 damn brother this shit was some ASS 🗣🗣🔥🔥 
8338 المشهد الأخير ممكن يشفع شويه انحدار مستوى الجزء ده 
8339 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Many people give low ratings for the last film in this trilogy :( but I actually like it!"I swear on the lives of my children, give me one last chance to redeem myself and I will sin no more."— Michael Corleone.Showing more of how Michael seeks forgiveness, Al Pacino's performance is still very good! Even he still looks handsome :("She was wonderful, beautiful. I loved her. And then she died. My trusted bodyguard planted a bomb in…   
8340 i missed tom hagen on this one ngl 
8341 MFW the cannolis are made by nuns who’ve taken a vow of silence #FreeTomHagen 
8342 The final film in The Godfather series. This is underrated, unlike the previous two, but it is, by a small margin, the weakest of the three. 
8343 hate to say it, but i laughed almost every time they said joey zaza 
8344 i don't think it gets enough credit for its better moments, & especially scenes like michael's confession or his conversation with kay are very well done even if the larger story they fit into is not nearly as profound as the first two 
8345 “Nunca odies a tus enemigos, no te permitirá juzgarlos” 
8346 Never hate your enemies, it affects your judgment. 
8347 "I swear on the lives of my children, give me one last chance to redeem myself and I will sin no more." 
8348 I can't believe how Michael changed from the first film, in which he was nothing like the rest of his family, an innocent man (at least at the beginning), to the second in which he became what he didn't want to become, a monster, and then in the third and final movie he transformed into a better man who wanted to leave the mafia business. Probably Michael Corleone is one of the best character ever created and for me he has the best character development in all cinema.PS: What an amazing actor Al Pacino is! I can't believe that he is from our world! 
8349 A única parte que eu realmente gostei do filme são os minutos finais no qual a trama e a peça se tornam um sóFora isso, esse filme é uma bela maneira de como finalizar uma trilogia pessimamente 
8350  Pretty clear to me in hindsight how the thrashing of Sofia Coppola's performance is just the misogynist cover for everything else that is wrong here. She is nowhere close to the movie's biggest problems. Central to it in all honesty is Pacino's performance - his bearing and delivery to me doesn't connect to what he did in Parts I and II at all, Michael feels completely different, beat down, his former power and poise barely present at all and the…  
8351 FTW for Coda - Death of Michael Corleone.Cannot speak on much authority on what has changed apart from the ending which I did think worked better without the outtake scene and the last frames in Sicily. Overall it all just seemed to flow better as on some days this would push ahead of the Original for me but never higher than Part 2. Will always be a Sophia Coppola defender as she did achieve what she was asked to deliver which is an awkward young woman just finding her way in the world. 
8352 Oh come on people, I know it's the weakest in the trilogy and Sofia Coppola did a horrible job but it still rocks. What's wrong with you guys? 
8353 why people hates this movie it’s not that bad 
8354 It pains me to write this but definitely not captivating or as powerful as the first two films. It would be damn near impossible to understand this without seeing them first. Al Pacino does a great job but the character writing for Michael at this point in his life is subpar.Sophia Coppola is insufferable in this and her acting is repulsive. She is as about as animated and engaged as a corpse, no pun intended. 
8355  The Godfather III:A long way off being as good as the first 2 films. Some of the acting is pretty poor at times, the dialogue is questionable throughout and Sophia Coppola was truly awful. However Al Pacino carries the weight of this film all on his own back and puts in a remarkable performance considering all of the above mentioned and the ridiculous storyline. For his performance alone I give this - ⭐️⭐️⭐️ListsFranchise Ranked Series - The…  
8356 Genuinely one of the worst decisions in cinema history. Whoever signed off on this needs to be committed. 
8357 Finished with the godfather trilogy this is by far the worst one, overall the trilogy was underwhelming for me I can't lie 
8358  The Godfather Redux or reflection upon grief. This one is problematic mostly as it has a strange DNA to it where it almost feels like a reboot at times, the bizarre incest plot line, and Michael coming to terms with his existence. The latter of these works really well, showing us a conflicted Michael Corleone still walking the right rope between learning from his father and being the despicable man he still is. The emotion from his scenes work well…  
8359  GRADE: B   I was too harsh on The Godfather Part 3 the first time around. In a vacuum It’s not a bad movie but It’s still a huge drop off from the previous two and has lots of issues. I’d compare this with The Phantom Menace. Long break for the series and it has so much to live up to and you know It’s not that great but eventually you just accept the movie for what it is.  …  
8360 A pesar de que la entendi un poco mejor, y me senti mas conectado con este final, realmente sigue siendo otra pelicula parecida a la primera.Pues a mi si me gusto la actuacion de Sofia Coppola 😝 
8361 Ирония судьбы. Продолжение 
8362 sure it’s not all that but the godfather 1 and 2 didn’t have martin scorsese’s mom in it 
8363  Crazy that an Elvis Costello song is in a Godfather movie!I remember watching the theatrical cut of this when I was 12, right after seeing the first one. I hadn't seen the second one yet so needless to say I was confused, but I liked the more extreme violence. Since that was the last time I saw this, it didn't really matter to me which version I watched but I watched the Coda version.Of course, this isn't as…  
8364 Ça aurait pu être le plus grand de tous 
8365  I have to say, for most of this film, I enjoy it much more than The Godfather: Part II. That is despite it clearly being the lesser in terms of craft and story. The Metrograph was playing this as the Coda cut, though I am not sure if that's a good or bad thing... I think what allows me to enjoy it is that I can once again like the protagonist. Especially compared to the incredibly annoying Vincent character. Michael…  
8366 This is a pretty good end to the trilogy. I agree that Sofia Coppola’s acting doesn’t cut it , but it hardly ruins the movie. I think this is a good send off to the Michael character with many of the ideas presented in the film effectively mirroring the first. It starts a little slow, but overall I actually think it’s better paced than the second one. It’s a good movie, not a great one, but worth seeing at least once. 
8367 Hot take, but this was my favorite of the trilogy 🤐 
8368 Sofia sweetie, just stay behind the camera, ok? 
8369 It’s fine 
8370 (Original Cut)Sorry but Vincent is hot This was good and I think the hate is a bit much. Yes the film is sort of pointless but I think the film is shot beautifully. Sofia's performance is just decent not horrible and I don't think it really ruins the film. Weridly I think it ends a little abruptly for being almost 3 hours long. I'm interested if the Coda edit is better/worth watching. 
8371 not the best part but the last 30 minutes of this movie made me cry 
8372 Imagine having sixteen years to make a sequel to two of the most beloved movies of all time, and this is what you make. 
8373 The best movie all of time 
8374  “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.”This movie was great. It took me a while to watch the third and final movie of The Godfather trilogy because of all the hate this movie was getting. However, I don’t understand the hate. I get it, it wasn’t as good as the first two, but it was still very good. Al Pacino again put together another amazing performance as Michael Corleone, as he seeks redemption for his…  
8375 vincent is een knappe vent 
8376 At least I got to hear Micheal Corleone say “Zaza” 🍃 
8377 (original cut)I had avoided this film for years because of its reputation. It turns out that a great movie looks disappointing when compared to two masterpieces. I can't say I fully understood the intricate web of characters and connections in this installment like I did in the first two, but everything was still steeped in the gorgeous atmosphere that I've come to love. This is absolutely worthy of being part of the same esteemed tapestry. 
8378 i thank god everyday that sofia coppola went into directing and not acting 
8379 If this wasn’t associated with The Godfather, then people wouldn’t hate this film. However, as a Godfather installment, it is a disappointment. The acting is still decent to good, but the screenplay does not live up to its predecessors. However, this is not the worst movie ever made or anywhere near that tier. 
8380 Alright film. 👍It's fine. Just kinda boring and definitely not up to its predecessors' level. 
8381 I really believe that somewhere here, with some editing and maybe some reshoots, is a really good movie. But holy shit what is that Sofia Coppola performance who okayed this 💀https://boxd.it/31B5 ‘s review expresses my frustrations with this movie better than I ever could 
8382 Uma completa decepção, esse filme até que tem acertos, o Corleone aqui tá legal e o Al Pacino continua foda, porém de resto, o enredo é bem menos interessante do que os outros, a trama do Vaticano aqui é muito chata, mas o principal problema está na Sofia Coppola, uma ótima diretora, mas uma atriz horrível, até na cena que é pra vc mais se apegar a ela ela atua mal e é mó sem graça, e o pior, AQUELE "ROMANCE" INCESTUOSO DELA COM O FILHO DO SONNY, PQP VAI SE FODER COPPOLA7,5/10 
8383 What was the lore reasoning behind Michael’s haircut 
8384  B(watched the CODA: Death of Michael Corleone).So is this really that bad?No, it's really good, even incredible...but it has such bad elements that drag this film down.Let's be honest, this feels like The Force Awakens of the Godfather. It follows the same beats with variations throughout. It is juggling with being the greatest hits of the Godfather (one and two),as an epilogue, and a standalone film. So the incest plotline would work if the performances were…  
8385 Nem annyira rossz mint a híre de azért akad benne néhány indokolatlan dolog. 
8386 بينما كان هو يشاهد عرض مسرحيكانت عصابته تغزو المنطقة يقومون بتوصيل رسالة بكل هدوء لكبار العائلاتبعد انتهاء العرض الداخلي بسلاسة بدء العرض الخارجي حيث كان هو بطله وبحسب رغبة المخرج خسر كل ما يملك على درج الاوبيرالم يرد ان يغدو على ما هو عليه، بل جُبِرتحمل حتى اخر يوم، لم يستسلم بالرغم من رغبته الكبيرةنحن لا نعرفه لكن بالتأكيد نعرف ولاء ابناء صقلية لآبائهمابناء صقلية لا ينسون ولا يكبرون 
8387 yeah it’s not as good as the first two but al pacino’s, diane keaton’s, and talia shire’s acting were so good during the opera steps scene i started crying like i was a corleone myself 
8388  Okayyyythis movielet me downI was just kidding.Admittedly, the film did not have crazy action like the previous onesAdmittedly, the film was not with huge tension like the previous ones.But I have to say.The feeling was crazyIt was great actionAnd it was a crazy gameThe film brought us more sides about the Corleone family.Coppola gave a show and many exciting sides in the film.Of course he is not at…  
8389 far too much dialogue. assumes the audience is an idiot. completely lacks the subtlety found in the first two godfather films, especially found in the godfather part I. all of the elegant and measured characters have left the series, leaving only clownish parodies of 'mafia' film characters. al pacino looks ugly. that being said: sofia coppolla you did amazing sweetie but i don't give a fuck about the lame corleone children 
8390 Vergeleken met de vorige 2 is het duidelijk minder. Maar dit krijgt teveel haat. Het is op zichzelf gwn een goede film. Francis probeert dingen te doen die in de vorige 2 films werkten, maar het heeft niet hetzelfde effect hier. Betekent niet dat het mislukte. Hier en daar lukte het nog steeds vrij goed. Al Pacino is zoals altijd goed, maar het personage Michael Corleone voelde niet als dezelfde man als in de vorige 2. Het stoorde niet gelukkig. Het begin en het eind vond ik het best. 
8391  I might catch a bit of Hell for saying this but, aside from the unfortunate casting of Sofia Coppola as Sonny's daughter, this is a pretty damn good film.I do agree that the story should have probably ended after number 2. But. At least it was Coppola who returned to it. So now I must set aside my feeling that it should be made...because now I must review it on its own terms.What works really well is first…  
8392  Poderoso chefão 1 e 2 tem uma cena de abertura memorável. O terceiro precisa pegar alguma cena do segundo para ter algum impacto.O filme demora a ficar interessante, cena da a festa é chata e a filha do Michael com suas caras sexy que parece mais é nojo.Em todo filme ela tá tenebrosa. Dito isso, ela não chega a estraga o filme. Mesmo a personagem sendo importante pra história.Muitas qualidades dos outros aqui se repete.Trilha, atuações dos…  
8393 The end of the triology!Glad to have seen this greatness ❤️⭐ 
8394  “would you like to make your confession?”          “your eminence, i… it’s been so long… i wouldn’t know where to… it’s been 30 years. i’d use up too much of your time.”“i always have time to save souls.”          “well… i am beyond redemption.”watched CODA: The Death of Michael Corleoneif the first one started the fire, if the second was the fire slowly burning, then this is the aftermath…  
8395 It's an awful feeling when I also hate a universally hated movie. Sorry king I can't defend you. 
8396 I’ll be honest: I could barely follow what was actually happening in this movie. Maybe I just wasn’t in the right headspace when I watched it, but I had to pause and work stuff out way too frequently. Felt pretty anti-climactic, and like they rushed a bit of Michael’s story between the second and third film. I still think that everything here is technically great. Great performances, directing, editing, cinematography, and soundtrack. I just wish the execution was a tiny bit more satisfying after the masterful first two films.Thank you Al Pacino? 
8397 They should require every Disney exec to watch this before green lighting a new Star Wars/Marvel movie... 
8398  When realisation strikes Micheal Corleone, he takes a tough call and decides to end his family's criminal empire. He chooses his nephew as his successor, however, the mob refuses to let him go.After having seen the first two before, I finally watched the third one as well and as expected, it is not as good as the first two, but come on those are two of the best movies of all time. This movie feels like it is made,…  
8399  This is mostly regarded as the runt of the litter when it comes to the Godfather Trilogy. I don't even think it's necessary for me to say, but this is absolutely nowhere near the excellence of the first two, even if the degree of scrutiny it receives is too high.So, it has been just over twenty years since the events of The Godfather: Part II, and just under thirty five years since the beginning of The Godfather. Michael Corleone…  
8400 after seeing the rocco movie, i do appreciate most of the family values from the corleones, incest storyline put aside obviously bc that was weird. 
8401 Fine, this was just fine. Nothing else to it. Pacino acting was really good at the end. 
8402  Theres amazing moments scattered throughout this sequel for sure, but the film as a whole is a shockingly messy and disjointed sequel to two perfect films.The best thing is Al Pacino and Diane Keaton, they both give excellent performances that are true to their characters. The scenes between the two are easily the best in the movie in my view. Michael as a character is really interesting, he still has his same quiet demeanor, but every scene you can…  
8403 This wasn’t great by any means, but my expectations were so low I was surprised it wasn’t worse. There are a lot of questions, there’s some questionable acting … but, overall, its bones were better than plenty of other shitty movies, that’s for sure. It was a long day to watch all of these movies back to back, but didn’t feel nearly as long as it could’ve for these runtimes. Thanks to all of our goofy friends who decided to also spend their day on this silly adventure with us. It was a good day. 
8404  ¿El Padrino Parte 3 es la peor de la trilogía? Si¿El Padrino Parte 3 es una mala película? No(Esta reseña es de la más reciente reedición de la película titulada Epílogo: La Muerte de Michael Corleone)Miren, El Padrino 3 me gustó pero esta lejos de estar al nivel de sus predecesoras, casi todas las actuaciones son excelentes, en especial Al Pacino y Andy Garcia, la historia me encanta pues es refrescante e interesante ver a Michael Corleone…  
8405  “Just when I thought I was out, They pull me back in.“ القوة ، السيطرة ، العائلة هذه العوامل اللي قدمتها لنا هالسلسلة و ختامية رائعة لواحدة من اعظم السلاسل في تاريخ السينما نهاية حزينة جدا تؤثر فيك و فيلم مليئ بالذكريات من الجزء الاول و الثاني رحلة عظيمة عشتها من بعد اعادتي لهالعمل و مشاهدتي الاولى للجزء الاخير استمتعت و جدا..و لو ان الجزء الثالث ليس بمستوى الاول و الثاني و لكن من وجهة نظري يبقى فيلم جيد…  
8406 COMO PODE SER TÃO RUIM 
8407 It may be the weakest of the trilogy but it is still amazing. Severely underrated. 
8408 I liked this one because I understood what was happening!Took off a star because the incest was weird and unnecessary 
8409  (Streamed as The Godfather Coda version.)More self-referential than I had remembered from the original cut, packed with unsubtle callbacks to I and II that sometimes just cheapen the enterprise - and yet, the point, however blunt, is not lost. Despite some rightfully infamous omissions and reviled performances (you know which one I mean), this thought bubble of a film does have its moments. Kudos to that helicopter attack. “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.” …  
8410 +0.5 pour la musique de raging bull 
8411 I would have been a major Sofia Coppola defender when this came out it’s not her fault this is boring and kinda pointless also she did nothing wrong 
8412 alright shark tale might’ve been better than this one… 
8413 Andre Iguodala driving to the hoop for the layup, with the possibility to make the greatest trilogy of all time. But my glorious king Lebron James with the chase down block is the incest subplot 
8414 Que haya gente que se atreva a desprestigiar la tercera parte de El Padrino me saca toda la fe en la humanidad. Por suerte, el mero hecho de que exista esta película acomoda todo y solo queda apreciar el poder haberla visto. Solo queda agradecerle a Coppola por hacer magia y volver a verla al menos dos veces por año. Al igual que las otras dos, por supuesto. 
8415 Winona Ryder shouldn’t have dropped out ffs and where the hell is Tom Hagen? 
8416 While not nearly as good as The Godfather Part I & II, The Godfather Part III is still a decent film. Francis Ford Coppola still does a great job directing it, Al Pacino does a fantastic good with what he's given, and Andy Garcia was a welcome surprise, but it does not have the same charm, story, and depth as the first two. The Godfather "franchise" could've done without this film, but they made it, so here it is...Overall Rating: 7/10 🙏👴🏼 
8417  I went back after 10 years to see if I was a little too rough on this and all I gotta say, nope, this is wack. People love to say that if this wasn’t pitted against the previous 2 that it wouldn't be dogged on as much but that’s just not reality. There’s several reasons why I think this film doesn’t do it for me, first Sophia, enough said, second the story is just not gripping at all and most…  
8418 Look how they massacred my boy (Part 3). 
8419 Ultimately, despite its reputation, The Godfather III (specifically the coda cut) best showcases the consequences of capitalism and the endless illusion of accumulating inhumane amounts of money for "the better of everyone". Its new ending in particular, not only best shows the end to a brilliant character arc, but it also critiques in a rather poetic way that everything you start, will always have its end. 
8420 mayormente no tenia fe, per dios, esta jnto al padrino 2-3 son las mejores 
8421  Just feels so forced, what’s the need to have a 3rd if it’s just there to say it was a trilogy?Vatican connection creative but tough to pull off in spectacular fashion like the first two.What’s the deal with the cousin love story bruh??? Also this man really cast his daughter to play a role in incest, and as a cherry on top his daughter cannot act whatsoever. It’s even more blatant when you see her right next to…  
8422 I prefer Les Cousins Dangereux 
8423 My parents were inspired after the Godfather exhibit at the Academy Museum 
8424 Everyone prepares you for Sofia Coppola's wooden plank acting but no one prepares you for the incest? 
8425  Cardinal Lamberto: “Your sins are terrible. It is just that you suffer. Your life could be redeemed, but I know you don’t believe that. You will not change.” The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone* ends the saga of the Corleone family as told by Francis Ford Coppola. This final installment is noticeably weaker than its predecessors, although certain sequences (particularly the final 30 minutes or so) and specific scenes remain characteristically strong. Excluding these high points, however, the…  
8426 Neither the failure it’s reputed to be or the contrarian secret success I’d kinda hoped for. I guess I n the eternal words of Alexandria Daddario: do your thing Cuz? 
8427 These two reviews say all that needs to be said about The Godfather Part III:https://boxd.it/1wNrRZhttps://boxd.it/30frND 
8428 It's actually a pretty good film, but when you compare it to the predecessors the difference in quality is obvious. Perhaps if there was less incest it could have got 4* but it is what it is.There are some really nice parts, but they aren't expanded as much as they could be imo. I think we only actually see Vincent do anything once, yet that scene is actually pretty cool. Anthony is really good in this film, but he's only in like 5 scenes. The opera scene with him singing is possibly the best in the film.Al Pacino was amazing, as usual 
8429 First watch of ‘The Godfather Coda: The Death Of Michael Corleone’ hence no rewatch denoted here.Shame on Letterboxd that we can’t log this recut version as it’s own separate movie. Same issue for the variations of ‘Apocalypse Now’, too. 
8430  Okei, jeg vil bare si det med en gang at jeg syns ikke The Godfather Part III er en dårlig film. Den er ganske grei egentlig og har veldig mange sterke elementer. Det er en fryd å være tilbake i dette magiske universet og jeg liker at den graver dypere inn Michael og de rundt han. Det gjør at den i det minste har en grunn til å eksistere og funker bra som en epilog til de to første siden…  
8431 Michael Scott was right. 
8432 The Godfather: Part III is by far and away the worst movie of the Godfather trilogy. It’s a movie that has a lot of potential to be a great conclusion to an epic masterpiece of cinema. Sadly it falls short of expectations because of such a meandering storyline. Al Pacino’s performance as an old Michael Corleone makes up somewhat for the movie’s shortcomings…but not enough to prevent viewers from wondering if maybe this third installment was even worth making. 
8433 تلاتة ونص والنص التاني عشان فينسينت وماري 
8434 The Godfather: Part III may not reach the same heights as its iconic predecessors, but it's still a well-crafted and engaging crime drama that offers plenty of thought-provoking moments, Francis Ford Coppola's stunning visual style remains impressive, and the film's score is a beautiful and haunting reflection of the film's themes and the film also offers a satisfying conclusion to the trilogy, and while it may not be as groundbreaking as the first two films, it still manages to hold its own. 
8435 Part III is a fall from grace and a low bar compared to its predecessors. Apart from a couple highlight moments, the entire film feels like a too little too late third act of a story that’s stuck in a bad 90’s flick. Vincent and Mary are annoying characters, the acting is awful and their “relationship” is cringe inducing. Al Pacino looks like he died and was replaced with a clone, also where’s Robert Duvall and De Niro? I guess the producers made the director an offer he couldn’t refuse. 
8436 every person in this looks like they stepped directly out of 1990. did they even try to do 1979 at all lol 
8437  Here we go!  Three days, and three mafia epics later, Michael Corleone is one of my favourite cinematic characters of all time. I think watching the Coda version of 3, rather than the original cut made this movie much more powerful. It feels like an add on, the ending of an individuals journey not his families. It’s much more personal, and feels more like it’s own beast rather than a continuation of events. That said, Sophia Coppola is dreadful and…  
8438 chick flick, rom com… 
8439 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I have not watched this film.  
8440 Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneOkay I knew going into this that it was gonna be a tough watch, but somebody could’ve warned me about the incest. 
8441 -It's your favorite song, Michael, where you going?-I'm just gonna go into the kitchen and listen to some Tony Bennett records.Os fiscais do letterboxd que me odeiem mas eu achei esse o melhor dos 3 filmes 
8442 The Godfather Coda: The death of Michael Corleone.La trama de los primos enamorados fue la más aburrida. 
8443  I mean it isn’t the worst thing ever? Maybe because I watched the new CODA version? Like the incest stuff is fucking weird, and Vincent’s character feels all over the place and he feels so unnatural in it idk I think if the successor was an already established character or Mary it would’ve felt so much better. Tom Hagen is missed so much in this film. Quite a few things I disliked about the plot really, but it’s not awful…  
8444 A cena em que ele está se lembrando que se casou com a Apollonia, fofo 
8445 Probably the weakest of the trilogy. 
8446 The entire Italy sequence is just vibin 
8447 michael corleone vou te mandar logo a real te vejo como figura paterna 
8448 Al Pacino carries 
8449 أكاد من فرط العظمة أذوب... !!فيلم عظيم ونهاية أسطورية وختامية رائعة لأفضل ثلاثية في تاريخ الأفلامبكل صراحة ما بشوف هالفيلم أقل من اللي قبله بالعكس بشوفه بنفس المستوى العظيم .. تمنيت الفيلم يكون 4 ساعات وأكثر ما حسيت القصة بتقدر تخلص بآخر نصف ساعة عالسريع .. وبنت كوبولا موهبة لعن الله من أيقظها لا موهبة ولا تمثيل ولا جمال ولا ما يحزنون 
8450 the DONKEY?????? HELLO?????and im not going to touch on the line about "he's my first cousin then ill love him first" because im sure it's been covered already. but GOD 
8451  Finishing this trilogy. Watched CODA. I don’t know this film well enough to fully know the differences. The first two are so perfect. This is a good watch to finish out the story and see Michael go out pretty much just like his father and end this tragic story. Andy Garcia is great. The shoot out scene in Atlantic City is wild! We all know Sofia is a bit rough. And I personally hate the cousins love story line. It…  
8452 okay so I hated the cousin thing but shoutout to the daughter ! am I rightcant believe we made it!!I would burn in hell to keep you safe 
8453 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  no he podido ni acabarla, entre primos no te arrimes  
8454 Kind of unfair to compare this film to the previous two films, but it is noticeably more convoluted and less compelling the previous two films. But I can sympathize with Francis Ford Coppola, who wasn’t very interested in making another film in the first place. And I very much agree that this film was kind of unnecessary. Was it fun? Yeah, sure. Was it boring? Dragged a little bit. Sofia Coppola has seen better days because oof. 
8455 Not as bad as the world led me to believe 
8456 Obviously not at all in the same league as it’s predecessors, but it’s also a huge understatement to say GF3 “has its moments.” Worst culprit btw is neither Sofia Coppola nor Andy Garcia, but the completely intolerable George Hamilton. (Coda cut) 
8457 We need to launch a full scale federal investigation on who allowed this 
8458  The movie really moves the series and characters forward in an interesting direction that falls in line with Michael's long term goals in the first 2 films. I watched the recut "coda" version of this film instead of the theatrical, so the narrative and pacing issues weren't there for me. However, it was clear at times that scenes had been trimmed and that caused the transitions to seem a bit off.My biggest issue with this was the character work…  
8459 Aqui ele se estende demais, apesar de ser o mais curto dos 3 ele fica com a sensação de ser o mais cansativo. O desenvolvimento dos personagens também ficou a desejar, não me importava com ninguém no filme, a vibe de máfia também se perdeu bastante por avançar no tempo e acho que tem muitas cenas desnecessárias ao longo do filme e o final entregue de qualquer jeito de forma extremamente acelerada depois de enrolar tanto. 
8460  After more than 30 years I was curious to watch the Coda Version. A generic, purposeless film, though. Surprised that the vast majority of the most important scenes felt like an interminable echo of the previous two, since every single one is a reminder of another, greater scene filmed in one of the two previous parts. Also, full wih an awful dialogue, unnecessary or poor description of all the major characters (Tom Hagen's son for instance or an unprepared mafia…  
8461  Review for “Death of Michael Corleone” Coda version.How does this manage to be even worse than Godfather III? Coppola is on crack if he thinks he’s improved it. Other than a more restrained final shot it’s hard for me to pick a thing I like more here. Shorter is better but not if your shorter version truncates plot lines and character intros so badly it plays like kabuki theater for the mafia as written by a ten year old.…  
8462 this wasn’t that great but these Corleone bitches are my family now no one gets me like they do 
8463  Theatrical Cut“Joe Zasa, would never pull something like this without backing. He's just muscle, he's an enforcer, he's nothing. He doesn't have the wit for that helicopter attack. He doesn't even have the ambition to wipe out the whole commission; certainly not the balls.”It’s a bit strange that Sky Movies is still showing The Godfather, Part III, given that Coda is in circulation. Still, it’s nice to rewatch the theatrical cut and get a sense of what was…  
8464  Full disclosure: I watched the 2020 recut called The Godfather Coda. There is definitely a HUGE drop off in quality from the first two movies to this one, but it still is pretty good. While managing to be the shortest of the trilogy, this film suffered the most with pacing issues, especially towards the ending of the film.Also…Sofia Coppola. I know she is an immensely talented woman now, but she was definitely the weakest actor in this film, which…  
8465 Wrongfully hated, but rightfully scrutinized. Officially getting Andy Garcia season tickets. 
8466 I will tell you why it's bad, it doesn't have any rewatch value, have tons and tons of plot holes, og cast is gone, characters are boring, i hate the i love you cous incestuous subplot.I do know its merits, but i am biased and can't look at it separately without comparing it with other two parts of the anthology. I mean 1st part had Marlon Brandon, James Cann (one of my fav characters; Sonny), John Cazale. 2nd part had Robert, John. And 3rd part had Sofia Capoola. I mean it's self explanatory what i wanna say. (Al is the only good thing here) 
8467 （159分鐘版〈教父大結局〉：麥可柯里昂之死）教父的墮落，家族的殞沒。 
8468 Underwhelming compared to the first two, but the ending was probably the most powerful scene from the entire trilogy. 
8469  Yes, I spent the weekend with the family! I want to start off to say, I hadn't seen the newer cut of this. the Death of Michael Corleone. This is the version I watched. It's been a long time since I watched the Godfather III so I couldn't really tell you any differences.With that said, I am not sure why it gets the hate it does. When you watch all of the Godfathers back-to-back, this one just slides right…  
8470 While it's galaxies away from the quality of 1 & 2, Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone AKA GFIII is quite good.Al Pacino's performance remains underrated while Sofia Coppola & the incest storyline remains  ..... 🫠 
8471 I didn’t really pay attention but it seemed kinda funny. Sofia Coppola is in it and she really sucks but everyone already thinks that. So: she’s awesome! Al Pacinos hair is straight up and gray. No Marlon Brando in sight. Why would Francis Coppola make this? College taught me: to make millions of money. So he could make bad movies that suck (balls). 
8472  Un epílogo con más marcada influencia de Dios, agarrado de antiguas escenas de The Godfather, con un protagonista cargado de culpa que necesita viajar a los orígenes terrenales de los Corleone para aliviar la violencia de Estados Unidos. Hay un Michael dudando el perdón o la salvación que implicará el retiro de la mafia, organizando negocios que justifican la cercanía al Vaticano. La Iglesia tiene interés recíproco y se contagia de la muerte importada desde New York, como sucedió en…  
8473  A review of the re-edit — The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. Like most people I sort of have mixed feelings, but as a whole I think this works pretty well. Michael trying to make a deal with the Vatican to secure his family’s future and disassociate himself from his previous businesses while seeking forgiveness for his past sins is genius, but its muddled plot, weaker dialogue, and wooden acting hurt the finished product ultimately making this the least…  
8474 I don't care what you guys think, this movie was awesome 
8475 C’ÉTAIT UN BANGER AHHHHHHH non c’est trop incroyable les 3 films sont vraiment incroyable meilleur saga facile c’est du grand cinéma du grand art le développement des perso surtout Michael et tout pendant les 3 est vraiment incroyable il est fort ce papy et Vincent c’est le seul Vincent que j’aime sur terre !!!!!! 
8476 The only thing I've learnt through watching these films is that the older and less hot Al Pacino gets, the worse the film is... 
8477 Tiene destellos pero es nefasta, innecesaria y casi todo eso que tiene el cine moderno, pero dejémoslo en que es como dragón ball GT (? Jajajaja bueno take it or leave it . 
8478 "Never let anyone know what you're thinking"Não sei como as pessoas não gostam desse filme, realmente não é tão bom quanto o 1 e o 2 mas é uma obra prima também. 
8479  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneThis one is obviously a step down from the first two, but I do feel it has some redeeming qualities. I liked the stuff between Michael and Kay and their children, and seeing how they feel about Michael. I didn’t mind the character of Vincent, but all the stuff about him being in love with his cousin is weird. The biggest problem with this one, I feel, is that it’s much less…  
8480  The Godfather Coda EditionI honestly don't have a lot to say about this film, it is definitely the weakest of the bunch. There's some great moments/performances here and a decent enough story but I didn't feel myself being too invested in anything in the grand scheme? A business deal, the Vatican, dealing with the life they left behind on the east coast, and dealing with a bunch of children becoming grown-ups.I applaud that this was made as a…  
8481 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   3rd viewing; first time for Francis Ford Coppola's new 2020 version titled The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. The last time I saw Part III was over eight years ago, so I wasn't able to tell too much difference, save for the two big obvious ones, where Coppola changed the beginning and the ending of the film. They still feel mostly like the same movie, but the main differences do add an effect. The movie now begins with…   
8482 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  sofia nepotism baby coppola sorry but you had it coming for that acting  
8483  I’m glad Johnny Fontaine could make an appearance.Francis Ford and Gordon Willis could sleepwalk their way into some stunning visuals, and my love of the first two kept me mostly invested, but this is fully the ill-conceived misfire its reputation implies. Don’t let people start telling you this is underrated; those are the same folks who think the Star Wars prequels have merit. By the middle of the absolutely interminable opera scene I couldn’t wait for this to end.…  
8484 לא יודע. 
8485  Before proceeding with the review, knowing that this film exists in three cuts, this particular viewing was "The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone".Even before my first watch back in high school I was made aware of this films reputation as the black sheep of the trilogy. There's no doubt that Pt. III pales in comparison to its predecessors for a number of reasons, but I feel that for all of it's shortcomings that the surrounding perception regarding…  
8486 Não é ruim, mas também não é bom, é mediano, mas o Al Pacino arrebenta de novo na atuação. 
8487  how come “i love you cuz” isn’t in the godfather quote books? finally seeing the recut coda version and tbh i prefer the original ending, sorry coppola. it’s been a long time since i’ve seen this one, but i have to say this time around the lore of how weak it is compared to the other two really stuck out to me. the writing wasn’t as sharp, the story as strong and the acting was most of the time abismal.…  
8488  A lot of the runtime of The Godfather Part III, I spent pretty bored, as I found the storyline with Michael's involvement with Vatican Bank to be largely dull and uninteresting, and it took up too much of the runtime early on. There were also some bizarre choices with this film, like casting Sofia Coppola as Michael's daughter, as she gives a pretty poor performance despite being a pretty crucial character to the narrative. And the incest plotline that Michael's…  
8489  Wholly unnecessary and oddly incestuous? Not entirely irredeemable, but it feels like you can carve out a third of this runtime, improve the pacing, and still preserve everything of thematic importance. SO MUCH of the runtime drags with callbacks and recycled plot points. Meanwhile, the stuff specific to THIS plot is so quickly glossed over and becomes hard to follow. That whole opera sequence felt like it could’ve resonated much better if I had a stronger grasp on everything going…  
8490 I know so much trivia about the behind-the-scenes, especially with the role of Mary Corleone, that it feels like a full circle moment that I’ve finally watched it. 
8491 What 
8492 Sofia Coppola, ainda bem que você virou diretora.Meu Ranking:1. Poderoso Chefão (o primeiro tá no meu coração)2. Poderoso Chefão Parte II 3. Poderoso Chefão Parte III 
8493 Tirando a atuação da Sofia Coppola, coitada não teve culpa de nada, o filme é masterpiece 
8494 Yes, very sad.Anyway, where's the oranges?I need more oranges. 
8495  “Enjoy the opera.”If Part I was Shakespeare, and Part II was Griffith meets Bertolucci, then this is Coppola’s most explicit—perhaps too explicit—combination of De Palma (it could easily form a trilogy with Scarface and Carlito’s Way), Hitchcock (The Man Who Knew Too Much) or even Argento-meets-Kurosawa (Lucchesi’s death!) with Coppola’s Italian godfathers, i.e. Bertolucci and especially Visconti, from Rocco and The Leopard down to The Damned, Death in Venice, and Ludwig, all of which are constantly echoed either thematically…  
8496 Thematically great, wish execution was a lot better 
8497 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Compared to the other 2 films this movie is not very good but I managed to enjoy it in a way. Maybe if there was less incest and more mafia stuff then I would’ve enjoyed it more. One of my other problems is the huge time jump, I don’t like how modern it was compared to the other films. Yet again though I loved the cinematography, and Michael is definitely one of my favourite movie protagonists now. Overall 8/10Next movie- Goodfellas 🔜  
8498 nunca confie em primos 
8499 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Honestly? this film isn’t as bad as I thought it would be. I just wish that the movie was on the same level as the last hour of the film. If it weren’t for that last hour, the movie would’ve been a disappointment to the trilogy.The acting in Mary’s death scene and how ultimately the trilogy ends with Michael dying alone made this movie go from 3.5 to 4 stars for me.It’s a very sad and bitter- not…   
8500 coda. still, was surprised that i got hooked enough that i didn't need multiple sittings like i thought. i'm positive others said this already but this appears to work better as the denouement to michael's story than a standalone film. and whatever my expectations were, sofia was okay. good on FFC and puzo to see through something much closer to their vision of this series' closer 
8501 Ein nie endender, teils bodenlos gespielter 'Wish-Verschleiß' vom Paten. Lohnt sich nicht. 
8502 Good film. Definitely not anything that perfect, but it was a fun watch. Glad I got to end the trilogy somewhat fast. Partial spoiler, but why the hell was there incest in the story 💀💀💀. Also, why were the performances so dramatic at times 🤣. Any who, I don’t think was bad by any means, but I think it would be better to just end this story in my head during the end of Part II. -Blu Ray 
8503 this didn’t need to exist but i don’t mind it none of this movie is important 
8504 This one was better than I expected, but it was no way near as good as the first two Godfather films. I'm glad I finished this trilogy.7.8/10 
8505 no es mala pero las primeras dos dejaron los stakes muy altos y esta no las alcanzaes un muy buen character study así que si funciona si lo ves como epílogo, and ngl si llore 
8506 what incest 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️😂😂😂😂 
8507 Well it's not great. 
8508  The preceding two films are perfect, this is far from perfect but still pretty good. While being the shortest film in the trilogy, it feels the longest. The pacing is slow. It’s not as interesting as the the other films. There are some killer scenes though. The “board meeting” with the old families, Andy Garcia on a horse and the end still pop with that Coppola magic. The disdain for this film is a little overblown. It’s good, just not…  
8509  [this will be my overall review/rating of the trilogy] first of all, i am aware of Francis Ford Coppola's impact to the film industry. similar to his work on The Godfather trilogy, they continue to be acclaimed by critics as among the best, if not the best, films of all time due of their excellent craftsmanship and compelling performances.while i agree with that, i couldn't get into the story to a great extent. i was even hesitant to watch…  
8510  Some people associate the mediocrity of this movie to not being on the same level as its two predecessors, to which i highly disagree. This movie is mediocre on its own, and the fact that it serves as the conclusion of such a beloved trilogy brings it below that level. For starters, Coppola originally didn’t even want to come back to the Corleone story and it definitely shows. The plot is by far the weakest of the three, being much…  
8511  (The Godfather Coda: "The Death of Michael Corleone")An astonishingly masterful and fulfilling end to cinema's greatest crime saga. Even if the narrative is too convoluted for its own good, and the scale of the whole premise is a little undeserving of being the trilogy-capper it's supposed to be, The Godfather Coda more than earns its stripes by the time its incredible last hour begins. Al Pacino once again absolutely delivers in this swansong for Michael, and Andy García is…  
8512 you disrespect me francis, and this i cannot forgive 
8513 I will never eat gnocchi again… disgusting 
8514  Mit viel Symbolik und Melancholie schließt Francis Ford Coppola seine legendäre Familien-Saga ab. Auch der Abschluss der Trilogie bietet handwerklich und inszenatorisch großes Kino und wurde damals völlig zu recht für 7. Oscars nominiert. Allerdings schwächelt die zweite Fortsetzung inhaltlich ein wenig und verfügt über einige Längen im Mittelteil. An sich ist die Geschichte interessant und auch der logische nächste Schritt für den Paten Michael Corleone, aber die Story schafft es nicht über die komplette Laufzeit vollends zu fesseln. Es…  
8515 İlk iki filmin çok ama çok gerisinde ama ne yapcaksın ismi bile yeterli. 
8516 The worst of the trilogy but not horrible al Pacino is great as usual this film is good but not amazing like the other godfather films 
8517  I was worried this movie would be really bad but it was a lot better than I expected. Of course it was nowhere as great as the previous movies, but there were many scenes in this that I enjoyed. I loved the things in this movie that were from the originals such as Michael, Kay, Connie, and their relationships. But the new things like Mary, Tony, and Vincent didn’t really do anything for me. Vincent was ok but the whole…  
8518  Director's Cut (The Death of Michael Corleone)Es un poco difícil opinar de esto. Está bien, no tiene porqué ser perfecta como las dos anteriores pero resalta negativamente en pocos pero muy importantes aspectos.Lo peor y más importante de estos es sin dudas la sub-trama de la relación incestuosa de Mary Corleone, no solo por la muy mala interpretación de Sofia Coppola, sino también por lo vagamente escrita durante la película.En lo positivo del filme podemos apreciar unas…  
8519 It was the only Godfather movie I was bored during. It just wasn’t as interesting and compelling as the previous movies in my opinion. 
8520 Tres estrellas para la versión original. Dos estrellas para la nueva edición que suprime la última escena y hace aún más innecesaria la película de lo que de por sí ya era. 
8521 This gets more shit than it deserves, but it’s certainly a big step down from the other two masterpieces. 
8522 CODAit’s a good film ok!!!! 
8523 Mmm, onions rings!Best in the state far as I’m concerned 
8524 the lannisters send their regardsthe movie disappointed more than season 8 of game of thrones 😂😂😂 
8525 Probably the worst godfather movie but still good Also what in the Royal family was that romance 
8526  *Watched MARIO PUZO’S THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE*It is quite baffling to me that this exists! It’s not even BAD, but it’s also not good. A lot of it is incomprehensible at times (the plot is completely  convoluted and much of the stuff concerning the Vatican is nonsense) and Pacino, while still being a gifted actor circa 1990, just doesn’t have Michael Corleone in him any longer. There’s moments where if you squint hard enough, you…  
8527  One of the most beautiful bonds that can exist between two people is that of an uncle and nephew. But when the nephew is making out with his uncle’s daughter (i.e. his cousin) it really limits the potential Uncle Magic that could’ve existed otherwise. Unfortunately this one just doesn’t hit as hard as the first two. Can’t say it covered any new ground, but it was at least interesting to see Michael’s life through to its end. I got really…  
8528 I liked it less than the first time. It isn't bad but still it isn't incredible or great. What a peaty 😭😭 
8529  I loved this film when I first watched it, now...not as much anymore.This is my least favorite out of all the three films because it just doesn't make sense to me. I think that the the Godfather II should've ended the story but Coppola still wrote a part 3 with a sub-story of an incest. That incest was just so annoying because 1.) it's so unnecessary to the film and 2.) it made it hard for me to focus…  
8530 i love you michael corleone you made all the hours i had to watch sofia coppola's terrible acting worth it 
8531 "Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!" 
8532 Try not to be cringe challenge difficulty: impossible 
8533 I know I’m in a minority but I have always liked this final part. It’s not perfect as the other two but I like the sadness that surrounds the story and it’s characters. First time watching the Coda version and the new version has really made the film even better. It wraps up the saga in a great way now. The opera scene at the end is so beautiful and powerful. This trilogy is a masterpiece. 
8534 Dom Toretto wouldn’t have let any of those things happen to his family 
8535 i feel this is the only rating i can give this film it’s interesting 😭😭😭it’s an okay conclusion  to michaels arc definitely not needed al pacino carried (yes ik he’s the main character) 
8536 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Watch the Coda cut it's makes this movie.... Passable.Best part still is Sofia Coppola getting shot so we wouldn't have to suffer from her shitty acting anymore  
8537 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I am so diappointed….The first two films in the franchise where very good and here I was wishing it was over. Everything was genuinely very boring up until the last half hour when Coppola paired music with assassination. I will definitely remember that as a classic moment in cinematic history. The last ten minutes where also WONDERFUL. So much happening, very stimulating (unlike the rest). Mary dying was probably one of my favourite scenes in the entire franchise. I…   
8538  C-C-C-COOOODAAAAI wasn't really noticing any huge departures from the Godfather 3 I know and, uh, know, and then Coppola hits you with the removal of the actual death of Michael Corleone, replacing it with a Sicilian saying/curse of how you may live a hunnet years. Oh no the hell that Michael is condemned to... living on a warm mediterranean estate with oranges and puppy dogs... Sofia's badness isn't exagerrated. She's so wooden! On the other hand, she's extremely attractive,…  
8539  Watched the Coda Recut Version at the Aero. Growing up you hear how this version isn’t nearly as good as the first two, and I always took that to mean “you can skip it”. And to be honest, that might very well be true, but this isn’t a bad movie at all. It’s at times bloated, slow, and not quite as gripping as you may have come to expect, but I was mostly entertained by this! Sofia Coppola should not…  
8540 i love this movie. spiky haired michael corleone girls rise up. 
8541  Me gustó. La última hora fue la que más me entretuvo. Claramente si la comparas con las primeras dos si te va a parecer una mala película. Pero si, decae un montón a comparado de las otras dos, pero tiene cosas buenas esta. Siento que fue necesaria para darle un buen cierre a la trilogía y también al personaje de Michael. Sigue teniendo el mismo ambiente de la primeras dos, gracias a Francis Ford Coppola. Pero tiene sus fallas. La…  
8542 Honestly if it weren’t for Sofia Coppola’s character I think this one would be about as good as the others. I don’t even think it’s really her fault, it must have been really weird to have your dad direct you to be in an incestuous relationship with your cousin. Glad she got past this and entered her directing sicko mode. 
8543 Watchlist Clean Out Challenge 2022 Film 6by the end of this, i simply did not care! the script was mostly bad, so no one's performance was really great. i think it's pretty unfair that Sofia Coppola gets singled out when, like, most of those lines just don't work, especially without the right tone and set up. Pacino seems less like a grown older version of Michael Corleone and more like your standard Pacino Gangster Performance, with a lot of shouting. and I love some Pacino shouting---I just wanted something more from this. 
8544 It’s hard to top the first two films, which felt like two halves to a whole. It’s obvious that this was a tacked on finale that was both unnecessary and unwarranted. The absence of the Tom Hagen character had much more of an effect than I would’ve expected. This movie finds its groove when Andy Garcia is on screen, but everything else? Eh. 
8545 infravalorada 
8546 What was once an elaborate and dense story filled with tragidy is now just another gangster flick with over-the-top dialogue, over-the-top writing, and just like nothing the two previous movies were like.Now, let me clarify, I don't think this movie is bad, I still enjoyed it, and if it was it's own thing, I don't think it would've gotten the backlash people give it, me included. But when you're the follow up and the conclusion to two of the greatest movies ever, this just ended up being a complete disappointment. 
8547 The incest bothered me and I’m a Star Wars fan 
8548 Happy Birthday Sofia! 
8549  And so ends the fabled tale of the Godmother, Connie Corleone Diane Keaton and Talia Shire CARRY this film, and are afforded even more lines this time! Wonderful! Al Pacino and Andy García ham it up so badly that it feels like a cheesy comedy at times, and Sofia Coppola is unfortunately as awful as everyone has already told you.Like Part 2 this employs the same visual style as the first. It manages to recapture some of the symbolism…  
8550  Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneObviously it’s good, and the initial mixed reception is strange to look back on now. But I guess that the first two are so acclaimed that any drop in quality for a third entry will feel massive. But this is still definitely a good film. It's much looser than the previous two, which makes sense as the focus is placed on the dissolution of Michael’s forces, and reflects how he feels lost in a…  
8551  "My word is final"I went into this with an open mind with a view to not comparing to to the first 2 films. That didn't save it. Overstreched with a repetitive format from the first film which wasn't delivered very well...almost felt thrown together in places. For me, one of the big misses was Robert Duvall wh was one of the best things about the first 2 films. It also didn't help that there was quite a bit of…  
8552 Trotz der neuen Anordnung der Szenen und Änderungen bei der neueren Version Coda The Death of Michael Corleone, ist er immer noch nicht perfekt. 
8553 Mario Puzo's The Godfather Coda: "The Death of Michael Corleone" I always liked The Godfather Part III, but haven't seen it in 10 years. This cut seems to be the way to go if you're going to rewatch the trilogy. I thought, from what I can remember, this was a major upgrade and makes the film flow a lot better. Oh, and poor Sofia Coppola, she's doing her best! 
8554 the reason why Sofia Coppola wants to become a filmmaker 
8555 When ur in the corleone household, you play by my rules lol thankfully even though some crazy stuff always happens what matters most is always family! 
8556 Redpill 
8557 Vinnie: He loves the family and also loves his family Such a weird dynamic to add and the focus on the danger of it and not uhhh that’s your first cousin weirdo lol Anyway, very epic film- the build up to the end is my favourite, what a way to end!! ( a lil obvious in its references )Very tired, going to watch videos of lumpy badgers and sleep bye bye 
8558 Still worth to watch.This sequel loses quite old school charms from the original one, but I oddly think it’s a good one. It has to be like this. I wish I had a chance to watch the pre-recut version. Idk I think this part feels too modern for me, but it’s also easier version to understand messages that the director was trying to convey.Anyway, Al Pacino’s acting skill was like a masterpiece. Man, it’s not him playing as Michael Corleone, it’s Michael playing the role of him. 
8559 absurdo 
8560 Truly about kissing cousins “He’s your first cousin.”“Then I love him first”Honestly, I didn’t think Sofia Coppola was as bad as people say. Francis Ford Coppola has a ton of non-actors star in The Godfather trilogy. It’s kind of his thing. 
8561  "We can't do any worse than The Godfather 3" - Muppets Most Wanted. If The Godfather has a universally accepted reputation of "hey! that's a good movie!", The Godfather Part III's lasting legacy is "yeah this one's not so hot!" It's the go to punchline for an unnecessary sequel. (Godfather Part II is also unnecessary but at least it's got a neat structure) I went into this hoping to try and see if Part 3 is not quite as bad…  
8562  It’s tough to follow one masterpiece yet alone two. I’ve heard so many bad things about the final film in this trilogy and to be honest I think they’re wrong. There’s some great stuff in here but I fully accept it isn’t the first two with regards to quality. Pacino steals the show, filled with regret and remorse, seeking out to god to forgive his sins and repent. The path he was lead on he took, he had to with…  
8563 2 ve 3 kötü diyenler intihar ederek bizi daha fazla uğraştırmasın lütfen 
8564  So I am just done watching The Godfather Coda: The Death Of Michael Corleone and it was pretty good. It’s a pretty good closure on the trilogy. Let’s get to the pros.Al Pacino is really good as Michael Corleone. But sometimes that isn’t the case. But in the scenes where he is really good. He’s really good. But in some scenes it felt like he was kinda phoning it in. But it’s nice to have him since he is…  
8565 jesus christ the last like half an hour let alone that final shot trump the entire film that was incredible. the whole film was somewhat mid but not awful. incest was totally out of pocket and not necessary. i just miss vito. 
8566 www.youtube.com/watch?v=eDKaSizwHMgthe most tension rich assassination sequence of the whole bloomin lot, the intercutting spectacular, bloomin eck! 
8567 This wasn’t working at all until it very much was. (Also: where was the Oscar for Talia’s lewks?) 
8568  👍🏻61%🔙The Godfather 2🔙🔜Rope🔜In the midst of trying to legitimize his business dealings in 1979 New York and Italy, aging mafia don, Michael Corleone seeks forgiveness for his sins while taking a young protege under his wing.This is an unnecessary extension to the original story, that much is clear. The positives are similar to the other films. Our main performances are again fantastic. Al Pacino is once again great as Michael Corleone. The writing for our main…  
8569 The mind suffers. And the body cries out.Sofia Coppola would’ve made for an incredible final girl in the ‘90s, like really truly deeply think about it! 
8570 The Death of Michael Corleone also known as Death in certain cinematic circles, is flawed, but has a flawless final thirty minutes. 
8571  Unsurprisingly Godfather Part 3 is the one I have rewatched the least, despite having vivid memory of the preceding two masterpieces, I have no recollection or whatsoever regarding this last entry except a feeling of really digging it much. Thus watching the new cut is as fresh as watching it for the first time. Nevertheless, the viewing experience this time is surely not as bad as I ‘remembered’. There’re still many problems present, the poor casting choice is one, others…  
8572 GIRL WHAT ???? the ending scene is so funny what did I just watch. Also Italians really caught a stray with this movie 😭 the mafia is one thing but now they’re cousin fuckers too? 
8573  By Coppola's own admission, he was never particularly passionate about revisiting the world of THE GODFATHER. The making of the first film had been hell. But he was given carte blanche on PART II, and that turned out well for all concerned. Throughout the 80s, Paramount tried to get a third film going without Coppola, but these efforts proved fruitless. By the time Coppola agreed to come back, he faced some insurmountable hurdles and lacked the clout to get everything…  
8574  “The Godfather part , CODA . The death of Michael Corleone.” is the final chapter in cinema’s greatest Mob movie franchise. Francis Ford Coppola and Mario Puzo move the story into the 1970’s with the head of the Corleone family, Michael trying to become a respectable businessman. By bailing out the Vatican’s cash strapped bank while receiving controlling shares in the Vatican’s business enterprises Michael hopes to leave his Mobster past behind him. Unfortunately his past won’t let go and…  
8575  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone is a magnificent film, and don't let anyone tell you otherwise. The cinematography by Gordon Willis, Production Design by Dean Tavoularis, and Costumes by Milena Canonero are all stunningly beautiful. The level of artistry could scarcely be higher. I'd also like to address Sofia Coppola's performance, which I feel has been unjustly criticized by film critics for over thirty years. Her portrayal of an ambitious young woman who longs for a love…  
8576  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone Listen, it's not terrible, there's actually a lot of good in here the problem lies in it being a Godfather film because it barely feels like one. It works alright as a standalone piece about an aging mafia Don plagued with regret and guilt trying his hardest not to let history repeat itself and I think Coppola knew that considering the title of this director's cut. I think in terms of Pacino's…  
8577 So I finally caught The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone version of Coppola’s re-edit of The Godfather Part III, and all I can muster to say about is that adds nothing, nor really detracts from the original cut. It merely exists as a very long, pointless epilogue to bookend Michael’s journey. I don’t hate it, but I doubt I’ll ever watch it again either. 
8578  At long last, I have finally seen Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. I had wanted to see it in 2020, but this pesky Coronavirus made visiting the theater seem like too much of a gamble. By some luck, a local theater has been playing the trilogy every day including the updated version of the most notorious entry for $5. What a deal. Must have something to do with the recent 50th anniversary of the original. As one of the…  
8579 Una tercera parte que jamás debió existir y por muchas razones, pero total, existe y ya. Tenía todo para cerrar con broche de oro pero el hecho de centrarse demasiado en el personaje Sofía Coppola arruinó bastante toda la película. Incluso su corte del director "la muerte de Michael corleone" es bastante absurda. Y desde el nombre, porque jamás aparece en ese corte la muerte de Michael. Pero en fin, existe y pues bueno es algo que debería de dejarse pasar y no verla jajajaja 
8580 Vlog sulla scrittura dei personaggi (infarinatura generale):youtu.be/x4V9gpRtGn0 
8581  Voy a ser cruel pero justo (? Hay mucho que admirar en la película, desde lo macro a pequeños detalles, por ejemplo, una toma en particular que pone lado a lado una iglesia y una empresa podría resumir una las temáticas de la trilogía por sí misma. Además, encuentro llamativo que todos los sicarios se encuentran disfrazados de funcionarios, desde la policía hasta la iglesia, aún más indicativo del nivel de corrupción necesario del capitalismo en el que la familia…  
8582  Overall-6/10 this film is not that bad as people say it is but it is no where near close to the first 2 godfather films. If u know me my favorite movie is The Godfather. I don’t know if it’s just me I wish they did more with Vincent in this film. This movie isn’t that bad and it’s still enjoyable however there are still the bad in this movie. I wish Vincent didn’t have a relation ship with Michaels…  
8583 I fucking hate this movie with every ounce of my being. Two cousins having sex… cringe! Not based! No red-pills in this movie, just a terrible watch, I do not recommend! Ruins the franchise! 
8584 So it turns out this rules and everyone is just mean. 
8585 look how they massacred my trilogy 
8586 very good but i wish they'd went the extra mile in terms of trying to keep the film stylistically consistent with the other films 
8587 imagine a spontaneous fanfic of the godfather ii, written in real time, by someone who didn’t know what a movie was and who barely understood what they were seeing 
8588 The best thing I can say about this movie is that its reception drove Sofia Coppola from acting to directing. 
8589 (coda) 
8590 Literally a 2.5 hour film about incest where no one mentions the word incest. 
8591  Note: This review is for the new director's cutI debated going to see the re release of Godfather 3 after seeing 1 and 2 but the completionist in me eventually won. I was also curious to see what this new cut of the film would be like since it's been at least 6-7 years since I last watched the 3rd film and I barely remember it so I thought it would be interesting to judge this alternate cut as…  
8592  Somewhere embedded in the various cuts of The Godfather Part 3 is a genuinely decent film, but has absolutely no potential of living up to the first two installments. Whilst The Godfather Coda slightly improves, the key issues are still ever so prevalent.A key issue with the film is that everything simply scratches the surface, certain plot lines feel irrelevant which takes potential time away from delving into the deeper stories. The Vatican storyline could have easily been explored…  
8593  I’m such an idiot for letting the bizarre critical consensus (that this is a bad film) put me off from watching it. I wouldn’t go as far as to call it a masterpiece as the other two parts are, though that description would certainly apply for the second half of the film.At first, I could see the difference. The script isn’t as tight, there is much less subtext and characters often have a line or two more than they…  
8594 The amount of brown worn by every character in this film is actually despicable. 
8595 Can we cut Garcia out next? 
8596 Ouch 
8597  *Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone at cinema*Well, slap my face and call me godfather, this is was a surprising treat. The Godfather III was never considered an awful film, it was barely considered a bad film it was just seen as a 16-year late disappointment that couldn’t hold a Catholic candle to the other two. I have no idea what changes Francis Ford Coppola made in this director’s cut, but this is a worthy, fitting, satisfying closure to…  
8598 From the only riches in this world are children, to a silent shuddering wordless howl. Occasionally, the dark glasses come off and we look into Michael’s soul, then the dark lenses cover the eyes and emotion and thought are concealed. Thunder claps or church bells ring the omens for confession. Icons and crucifixes the setting for blasphemy. Just as the moment of victory and the beauty of re-found family beckon, the reckoning comes. 
8599  A much better film than I remembered and it’s reputation would have you believe. It’s a fitting end to the trilogy and about on par with part 2. This version is a new edit redone for the films 30th anniversary and as far as I can tell the changes are subtle but maybe iron out a few of the original cuts issues.There’s a big jump in time from part 2 to this one and we pick up with a…  
8600 This trilogy really needed more Connie 
8601  This film gets a really underserved bad reputation. I’ve only ever seen it once before so couldn’t really remember it, but I think it’s just as good as Part 2 and a satisfying conclusion to the trilogy!Al Pacino is amazing as usual. This time playing an ageing Michael Corleone, full of regret and worried about his legacy. Even after everything you’ve seen the character do in the previous films, he still makes you sympathise and route for him.The…  
8602 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   To clarify, I have never seen the original theatrical edit of The Godfather Part III. There is some good with some bad here. The ending opera sequence is fantastic; it is really something that feels evocative of the previous two instalments of the Godfather franchise. Despite that high, it did not make me forget what had come before: a muddled, confused mess of a narrative. It is sad really to watch some points in this film, it’s a little bit…   
8603  Caught the Coda iteration in cinemas for the re-release. First time viewing of this film in any version ever. There’s baggage going in fresh with this one. When I first started reading around film as a teenager in the 00s this was still notorious as the definitive weak trilogy-capper, the failure against which other disappointing part 3s were compared. In its own way, that’s a sort of mystique. That sort of cultural priming you take with you into this has…  
8604 (The Coda Re-edit)The Godfather 3 is certainly a massive step down from the others but Y’know what? I didn’t find is as bad as everyone described it beforehand (which was that it was the worst piece of shit to exist). There’s a lot that annoyed me; the acting was much, much worse (Sofia being the main culprit), there’s scenes where people look into the camera for 20 seconds and dead people breathing etc etc. but at the end of the day, I really like what they do with Michael and that’s what’s most important in a Godfather movie. 
8605  Watched the Godfather Coda death of Micheal Corleone cut of this. I think this is honestly a good movie but oh my Jesus Christ Sofia Coppola is terrible in this, easily the worst acting I’ve ever seen in a big budget movie. This could have been so much better if literally anyone else was playing Mary.This was a big step down from the previous two, which id say for sure are some of the best movies I’ve ever seen,…  
8606 Not with a bang but with a whimper. 
8607  And seeing the trilogy in the cinema is complete. For me this and LOTR are a toss up for greatest trilogy of all time but don’t make me pick. First time seeing this new cut too admittedly it has been a bit since I have seen the original so I may not have picked up on some of the more subtle differences. As someone who never really had any issue with this movie anyway outside of the lack of Robert…  
8608  [THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE cut]I understood the criticisms on how this felt 'unnecessary' but this film (the Coda cut, at least) is the consequences of Michael's sins. See the manifestations of one man's sins and how it easily takes over him and his loved ones that atoning is not an option. It also speaks to how Michael's Italian identity and family loyalty eventually gets preyed by American Capitalism and general greed, something I and II…  
8609 “When the Sicilians wish you ‘Cent’anni’… it means ‘for long life.’ … and a Sicilian never forgets.”Ya solo soy lágrimas. Verdaderamente la mejor trilogía jamás hecha.(Vi la versión CODA) 
8610  “It's dangerous to be a honest man.”tengo opiniones encontradas con esta película, porque apesar de que siento de que si es un buen final para la trilogia, minimo uno que llega a ser decente, esta ultima entrega puede percibirse muy ajena a las anteriores, en cualquier ambito, en guion, en estetica, la implementación de la politica e incluso las actuaciones que ya no son tan buenas, ni hay tantos momentos memorables.si bien, se sigue hablando de la familia…  
8611 Por favor, no es tan mala. Claro que Sofia Coppola no es la mejor actriz del universo, pero tampoco es que su actuación sea tan mala como para condenar a toda la película.Es mas, creo que la parte III es mejor que la parte II, pero tal vez sea porque me agrada ver a Michael al fin intentar ser un buen humano de verdad tras volverse el Padrino, por lo que creo que hay un gran valor en la trama de la película. Pero, ¿yo qué se? Soy sólo un imbécil. 
8612 People are mad this movie didn’t reinvent filmmaking, can’t predicting the rise of Step-sibling porn be enough? 
8613  If you confess to your sins, they are still sins. It is pitiful the disrespect The Godfather Part III has received since its release. Yes, it is nowhere near as refined and significant as the first two in the series. But at the end of the day, The Godfather Part I & II are renowned as two of the greatest movies ever made! It would be damn near impossible to achieve the same level of mastery once again.I think The…  
8614 Finally made time to check out the The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corelone and I am so glad that I did. Coppola’s re-edit is a significant improvement on the original cut of The Godfather Part III, even if it can’t fix all the movie’s fatal flaws. This is paced so much better and it really makes a huge difference. 
8615  What happened, they put me in the room with Joe Zasa, what’s gonna happen, I bit the guy’s ear off. Waffled a bit between 3 and 4 stars for me; ultimately the regret, weariness and heartbreak that Michael’s character portrays (setting aside Pacino’s moments of overindulgence) made me like the film more than I’d expected. Calling it a “coda” feels extremely correct. It serves as a continuation and a perhaps not-really-needed expansion of what was captured more artfully and thrillingly…  
8616 “When the Sicilians wish you “Cent anni”… it means “for long life.”… and a Sicilian never forgets.”الفصل الأخير من الفيلم تحفة… الأوبرا والأحداث حولها كانت مرة روعة الحين أقدر أقول أني تابعت ثلاثية أفلام الـGodfather، كما الكل او المعظم يتفق أنها أعظم ثلاثية أفلام في تاريخ السينما. 
8617  I finally pulled the trigger and watched Part 3. I never wanted to sully how I felt about the first 2 films and wanted to leave it at that. Two of the most monumental achievements in cinema.How could you follow that up? You can’t. So I will have to interrogate why Coppola decided to make this 3rd part. Part of me thinks the softening of time make him want to rehabilitate Michael, since this film does a lot of…  
8618 Where do I begin... First of all, i never expected that the problem with this film would be with acting but here we are. Did he really have to put his daughter in the movie? Like come on. That last scene where she was shot I laughed out loud when she fell to her knees, like what the fuck was that.Other than that, this movie had good closure, I mean I did feel for Michael at the end and I did hate Kay the whole time. She was Skylar White before Skylar White existed. 
8619 Sofia & Andy, I love you 🌹 
8620 The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneIt's a TV movie sequel to among two of the most cinematic movies of all time... nothing about it even looks the same as Part I and II or feels like it's telling the same story... and while Al Pacino's performance has some merit, I often felt like he wasn't even playing the same character.Ultimately, it does nothing to add to the originals and really has very little reason to exist. 
8621 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Tranquilamente puede ser la mejor de la trilogía.Solamente con el final, mostrando como Michael destrozó a una familia entera, basta para darle 5  ⭐️.  
8622 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   I can see how it’s not entirely necessary in succession to the first two films, but this still stood as a pretty decent film. I did enjoy the ending with the opera, especially with how Mary ends up dying and the mirrored opera scenes comparing to previous events of the film. I didn’t feel they needed to show Michael Corleone keeling over dead, some many years later as an old man.It was interesting to see the new wave of…   
8623  The Godfather Part III centers around Michael Corleone (Al Pacino), a man nearing 60 who had been wracked with guilt over ruthless violence and power, especially with the order of killing his brother, Fredo. After receiving papacy, he gets meetings from his ex-wife, Kay (Diane Keaton) about their son, Anthony, dropping out of law school and wanting to pursue music. Michael’s sister, Connie (Talia Shire), arranges an illegitimate son of the late Sonny Corleone, Vincent (Andy Garcia), to deal with…  
8624 Al Pacino facepalming for 3 hours straight 
8625  It is not awful -- and I probably would have been more surprised if it was as awful as its been culturally mythologised. This was my first ever viewing, and it was of the new re-edit so I don't know how to accurately assess what is supposed to be better, worse, different, or exactly the same as the original version in any regard. For this version: it was fine. Frequently it felt very much like Godfather fan-fiction in form and…  
8626  And so wraps up the trilogy. I'm honestly a little surprised at the current rating, which as of the time of writing is 3.4. I've always heard negative things about this film and it also being the only film of the trilogy to not win Best Picture led me to believe this would be a stinker. I can see why there is some criticism for the film though. It's a little ironic that what I was hoping to see with…  
8627 Watched the Coda cut.Wow. Yeah. Wow.Only ever heard negative things about this film so to finally watch and witness something that, while not on par with the previous two, is still a masterclass in filmmaking and storytelling. Most likely the greatest trilogy ever put to film, maybe rivalled only slightly by The Lord of the Rings. How people can talk about the greatest ever directors and not mention Coppola is beyond me.Wow. 
8628 I know a lot of people have their qualms with this film, but personally I love it. 
8629 Sure Sofia Coppola's acting was bland but everything else was amazing and just as good as the first two, unpopular opinion but hey. 
8630 Actually a pretty good movie if you take out the incest 
8631 look how they massacred my movies 🙁 
8632 Cómo si la relación entre primos no fuera lo suficientemente rara tenían que llamarse primos todo el tiempo EQUISDE. Quitando eso, quizás la mejor trilogía en todo el cine; pero me faltan algunas por ver. 
8633  Decent enough film, even if it sometimes feels like the returning cast members aren't playing the same characters they played before. Having Michael show remorse for his past actions is a nice touch, but it's also a bit of a stretch given the events of the second film. Andy Garcia is a wonderful addition. All the stuff about The Vatican needing a bailout feels more relevant today than it did back then, and honestly, there's probably few large scale scams…  
8634 “Mr. Corleone, all bastards are liars. Shakespeare wrote poems about it.” 
8635 rip lana del rey you would’ve loved michael corleone 
8636  Charlo and I spent the past few days watching The Godfather trilogy, ending with the recently re-edited and restored version of The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Micheal Corleone. The first two in the series is comfort food for my wife and I, so by default, are five stars all the way, hearts and all that mumbo-jumbo. The death of Apollonia has always gotten to me, only this time brought me to tears and fuckin fury. I wanted to take…  
8637 Why can't they just act like normal cousins... 
8638 too many old white men for me to keep track of in this film 
8639  In this episode of the show we are taking a look at Francis Ford Coppola's conclusion to The Godfather trilogy. Over the course of our discussion we examine the historical context of how this movie came about, we wonder what the recently re-edited Coda adds to the legacy of the series, we comment on the criticisms leveled at the film at the time of its release and - most of all - do our absolute best to examine the film…  
8640  Going from the first two Godfather films to the end of the trilogy is like going from savouring a fine wine to chugging Diet Coke.Score: 5/10Pros:+ Mostly solid performances, especially from Diane Keaton and Al Pacino.+ Great cinematography and editing, despite the lack of the deep contrast lighting in the last two films.+ Certain plot elements, like Michael reconnecting with Kay or Michael dealing with the loss of Fredo, either work well enough or could…  
8641 you know its worse than i thought. after the first 30 minute opening scene that was probably the most boring thing ive seen, i thought it was going to get better and it did for a while although it didnt really feel like a godfather movie. then boom incest plot line...like wtfending kind of redeemed it 
8642  Es realmente de una perfección inobjetable, obras maestras si las hay, es increíble como el guión está escrito simétricamente con las dos anteriores sin dejar de contar algo nuevo y dar un cierre a la saga, a todos y cada uno de los personajes y a cada uno de los dilemas morales que plantea la misma. No le sobra un plano ni una línea de diálogo, es insólita la crítica que la bastardea tanto por las actuaciones de Sofía Coppola…  
8643 Bumm okay. definitely not a bad movie, but one that has a lot of moments that made me go  “why?” and “okay…”. namely the incest plotline (sofia coppola’s performance doesn’t help either). III is missing the wit of its predecessors with a lot of drama feeling fabricated for the sakes of drama itself. though when it soars, it really soars. some moments and conversations are as fantastic as ever, and it’s still a Godfather movie. it is a good film, just nowhere near the previous two, especially with that ultra jarring final scene. 
8644 Much more streamlined than the first two, I guess and definitely not up to those masterpieces. What works best is viewing it as an epilogue for a very long epic story. So there's a lot of good things, though it still has it's problems.Still, I like the history connected to the story - the Vatican's corruption in particular. It seems to be the curse of threequels, with the exception of The Lord of the Rings, that the third doesn't quite reach where the others went before. That's okay, it's good to have an actually good third Godfather movie now. 
8645 Granted I had watched parts I and II and shunned part III after them leaving me lukewarm to the series some 25 years ago I watched all parts ending with the director's cut of part III in one fell swoop and, well, this holds together as a solid, fascinating, at times boring but most of all impressive trilogy. 
8646 Godfather 2 and 3? More like a Coppola hours of my life wasted 
8647 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Notice how both Don Vito and Michael die a natural death. The one, in his flourishing garden, playing with his grandson (symbolic for the future) and the other dying alone on a stony property, spending his last minutes with thinking about his past. That's the difference between them. Don Vito knew the values of life  
8648 If you're going to watch The Godfather: Part III, don't. Instead, watch The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. The film has been re-edited to a much smoother experience compared to Part: III, and the beginning and end has been redone to a higher caliber to make Part: III the best it possibly could be with what material we've received.Vanilla: 6/10Coda: 7/10 
8649 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  okay… kinda serious review… but like this would’ve been so good without the weird incest plot like that was so weird whyyy was that the choice made??? but like holyyyy shit the last like 15 minutes were crazy i got chills AND i cried!  
8650 i think i would like this more if every character didn’t look exactly the same, to the point in which i would think that a character was dead and then his lookalike would appear in the next scene 
8651 The most 90s looking film supposedly set in the 70s? Andy Garcia is so very annoying. This whole film just feels unnecessary. It might be worth it for the "I thought I was out" line. But there are just so many many cringeworthy moments. When I was done with this film, there was an hour left of the runtime. "It never ends". I feel ya Diane Keaton, I feel ya. Adding half a star to my rating because I really want to see that opera now. PS: George Michael and Maeby should have watched this together in an Arrested Development episode, what a missed opportunity. 
8652 100+ Films I Never Seen Project -2021-231)The Godfather Part 3 At last I have seen the entire Godfather trilogy. Part 3 was decent. Not as powerful nor great as the first two. But is still an engaging watch. Is just not great. Enjoyable to say the least. Is not bad at all. 
8653 Y a la tercera va la vencida. Esta es la nueva versión del director remontada y con principio y final diferente, de hecho sale el propio Coppola explicando el caso, aunque como apenas me acuerdo de la primera versión no puedo apreciar los cambios, no sé que aportan verdaderamente y no es tan magistral como las dos anteriores pero aun así merece la pena verla. 
8654 Ich bin positiv überrascht. Kann zwar mit den ersten beiden Teilen nicht mithalten, ist aber insgesamt trotzdem ein ziemlich guter Film. Vor allem die letzten 15 Minuten machen den dritten Teil sehenswert und sind meiner Meinung nach ein würdiges Ende der Trilogie. 
8655 How do you say Les Cousins Dangereux in Italian? 
8656 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  re the coda cut: what cojones to subtitle a film “The Death of Main Character” and have that character not die  
8657  Remarkably worse than part l & ll but not as bad as some people say it is.The acting is a big downgrade compared to the other parts. Al Pacino gives a good but not great performance but the problem here lies with the supporting cast. Sofia Coppola and Andy Garcia is just not that good in this film. And the incest part really made uncomfortable while watching it. I also really think that not hiring Robert Duvall to reprise his…  
8658 Not nearly as compelling or thematically rich as the previous 2 (masterpieces, obvs) but it’s not a bad movie. It’s just far from perfect. Although the ending opera sequence rivals anything from the first two films; it’s so good. But yeah I enjoyed the movie overall even though it’s flawed. Y’all are so dramatic when dissing this movie. 
8659 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Trade Caan, Duvall, and Cazale for George Hamilton, Joe Mantegna, and Sofia Coppola and wouldn’t you believe it, the film suffers from that severe dropoff in talent.The Vatican plot is nearly incoherent unless you’ve got a notepad and the Charlie Day pushpin board nearby. In spite of those two areas, I mean, it’s still good. It’s difficult to not be at least watchable with how good Pacino and Garcia are. The opera sequence at the end is breathtakingly good.  
8660 how much oranges and orange juice did they need in this movie 
8661 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  um siciliano não se esquece.  
8662  Cierre de la maravillosa trilogía escrita por Coppola y Mario Puzo sobre la vida de el enorme personaje que es Michael Corleone que es, por derecho propio, historia del cine. He de decir que, en esta ocasión, he visto el nuevo montaje de Coppola y que la critica, por lo tanto, será sobre este nuevo metraje. Coppola se enfrentaba aquí a una dura decisión. Después de hacer dos obras maestras absolutas tenía que cerrar la trilogía de una forma que…  
8663 Godfather Part 3 hits so good when you ain't got a bitch in ya ear telling you it's nasty 💯 
8664 Great movie despite that weird ass incest plot 
8665 La tercera parte, a pesar de no ser tan brillante como sus predecesoras, comparte ese estilo, tono y categoría. No es una maravilla, pero no por ello es una mala película.Siento que hay partes del guion bastante atropelladas y que no casan bien, haciendo que se pierda un poco el hilo narrativo del film.A pesar de ello, es una gran película que, con este remontaje, ayuda a dar un final más bonito, decente y poético a Michael Corleone y a la saga de El Padrino. 
8666 En af de dage, hvor man fuldstændig ignorerer, at man faktisk har nogle ting, man burde gøre og i stedet bruger 9 timer på at se hele Godfather-trilogien. Og det var så godt! 
8667 The Coda version starts better, but I honestly prefer the original ending of the saga. The first two films are obviously on another league, but this one has its own nostalgic appeal and a bunch of impressive scenes. I really really like it overall, but its screenplay quite often seems like a subpar copy of the first Godfather. And Sofia Coppola’s casting was A Choice and her “performance” a stain to the general quality of the trilogy. 
8668 I love the smell of incest 😍😍😍 
8669 I feel like this movie would be much more well-liked if the newer cast members were better at acting, but I still enjoyed it. Not nearly as good as the first two, but I can forgive that, as this feels more like an epilogue to them rather than a whole new chapter. 
8670 Somewhere between The Cotton Club and Youth Without Youth, obfuscates narrative/characters/performance, serving pure spectacle and a sustained aching emotion. Entirely worth it also for Shire/Pacino/Keaton who are the only real presences in the movie. “What do you want from me Michael?” 
8671  Erneut und ein letztes mal sehen wir unsere geliebte Corleone-Familie auf der großen Leinwand. Ein letztes mal geht es nach Sizilien, das letzte sehen wir die Familie herrschen, verlieren und trauern. Auch das letzte mal sehen wir: Freunde, Feinde, Geschäfte, Betrug, Vertrauen, Mord, Drogen, Gewalt, Sex, Lügen, Macht und das allerwichtigste wie oben schon erwähnt, die Familie. Das ist, was die Pate Filme ausmacht und sie zur Kult-Reihe geschaffen hat. Jeder der sich irgendwie mit Film auskennen will, muss diese…  
8672  This is the most overhated movie of all time. I’ve been told my entire life how awful this is and I just don’t fucking see it. The first two Godfather movies are easily some of my favorite movies, and while this wasn’t the most faithful next step for the characters necesarilly, I overall came away liking this.Yes, Sofia Coppola is bad. Yes, Michael feels like an entirely different character than from the first two films and it feels out…  
8673 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Unpopular opinion: es mejor la escena de Michael perdiendo a su hija que la de Vito perdiendo a su hijote amo Al Pacino  
8674 no thanks 
8675  To quote a better film: "Look at how they massacred my boy"Finally got to watching this "supposed" atrocityIn all fairness, it isn't a bad movie. It just sucks that it had to be a Godfather sequel, because come on, obviously it would pale in comparison to anything that came before.It also sure doesn't help that it has a weird script, a neophyte actress in Sofia Coppola (love your films tho, always 💜), and a set of new…  
8676 sofia carmina coppola… please FOR THE LOVE OF GOD, do the whole world a favour and dont act in another film again💔 
8677  going into this, i was expecting pure crap, based on what i’ve heard most people say. i was mostly convinced that this was going to be the worst thing ever. although i can definitely admit this doesn’t live up to the expectations i had from films I and II, it isn’t as bad as people make it out to be - but it isn’t great either. unlike its predecessors, this film lacks the coherent and more linear structure the others…  
8678 how this one sits amongst the others? yeah, I get it now.but also I want to be be sure to not single out Sofia's performance as a focal point. A lot more goes sideways from a story perspective before this! 
8679 What in the world. Sure, I don’t like the first two films, but they’re still good. But this? What the… 
8680 Definitely not as good as the first two but still a very solid film. Very glad Sofia went the director route, even if I don’t think her entire performance in this movie was terrible. The ending could have been better. 
8681 Francis Ford CoppolaSorry guys, but I hate this sepia-goldish tone, a coloring that runs through the entire film.Of course I love and recommend part I and II, they are true masterpieces!- - - 
8682 just because it’s not that bad doesn’t make it good 
8683  Considering all the negativity that surrounds this film like a bad aura I was expecting something truly appalling but instead I got something that whilst being incredibly flawed isn’t appallingly bad. The two main issues with the movie is the incest subplot and Sofia Coppolas acting. I don’t know what Francis Ford Coppola was going through in his head to not only put his own daughter in a main role in his film but have her take part in an incest…  
8684 *CODA VERSION*If you’re turned off by the camp in this film, you just never saw the camp in the original 2 films. And that’s THAT... on THAT! 
8685  76An interesting reflection on themes handled better in the first two films, but it is not bad by any means; Coppola (Sofia, that is) and Garcia are dare I say good, but it’s hard to match the excellence of the first two films without the cast and characters that made the first two classics. That is often due to the story - Fredo and Sonny’s (John Cazale and James Caan) deaths - but it is moreover due to the…  
8686 Don’t know where the acting wentPacino and second half hard carry 
8687  I watched the original version on DVD in middle school following the first two and was very disappointed. I haven’t seen it since.This is largely the same movie but even though the edits are slight, I think they turn this movie from something that I didn’t enjoy watching to something I still wouldn’t really recommend but did at least enjoy watching. Moving a key scene to the beginning instead of 40 minutes in makes the structure of the movie…  
8688 While the re-edit is a liked change the problems with the acting, pacing, and poor story choices still hold this movie back. It’s doesn’t mesh well with the other films in the series and has a strange focus on new characters for what really should be a character study of Michael. Also, I hate how no one is grossed out by the romance between two cousins it totally takes me out of the film. 
8689 i went into this with an open mind but it deeply offended every cell in my body. unforgivable. 
8690 “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in!” 
8691 I think this may be da saddest feature I have ever seen. Da death of da life. Micheal Corleone, da last real mobster standing begins to sit... and then he falls. 
8692 Contrary to Coppola's introduction, The Godfather Coda is not a "different film", but it is a better film. The edits are subtle, but noticeable and the final result is satisfying. The heft of the film comes from Michael's quest for redemption and, thus far, this is why this series remains the gold standard in mob epics. Remember. There's always a bigger mob above the mob. And it always seems to extend to highest echelons of the Catholic Church and the corporate state. 
8693  Esse filme tem problemas serissimos, seja o subplot de incesto ou o substituto fraco comparado ao Michael, foi o filme que eu menos gostei, mas ao mesmo tempo ele tem suas qualidades e trabalha bem os temas principais da trilogia e o que ela se trata no final Michael encara a consequências da vida que ele escolheu todo o bem e mal que ele fez no final conduziram quem ele é e a jornada dele e o final dele não…  
8694 la verdad es que si se me salieron un par de lagrimas al final.Top: Gánster/Mafia Movies 
8695  So yeah, despite how much I love the first two, I'd never seen this movie before. I have the entire trilogy on Blu Ray, so I figured this didn't need to go to waste on my shelf.Anyway, it's... good? All things considered? Normally, I give 7/10 ratings to movies that I like, but don't love. With this movie, I think the 7/10 serves as a testament to how terrific it's high points are, since it's low points get pretty…  
8696 francis, dude... what were you thinking 
8697 This film desperately needs Robert Duvall. 
8698 Crime , Politics and Religion are the main reasons why this world is so fucked up .No wonder Godfather trilogy is one of the most influential ever and still remained as a text book material for film students . 
8699 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Finishing out the trilogy I decided to watch the new director’s cut w/o seeing the original and I thought it was good! All the assasination scenes were really dope, Andy Garcia was a nice addition to the family, and all the nostalgia-based references and talk of previous events I thought worked well for the last of the trilogy. I would say the daughter was just ok though and the actual final little scene of the film feels very abrupt, like…   
8700 não tem corte do diretor que faça a atuação da Sofia Coppola ficar menos assombrosa do que ela já é 
8701 okay movie 
8702 let down from the last two. sofia coppola’s performance in this is proof that she should stick to screenwriting and directing 
8703  I’ve only seen the original cut once and have not yet read up on all the changes made for this release, but it's worth considering The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone based solely on what is presented on screen. This now reads as a thematically stronger end to the saga, albeit still a messy one — though the messiness is largely the point. Reframing this as an epilogue rather as a grand conclusion greatly benefits the story, as…  
8704 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Interesting ideas but awful and unnecessary execution. The first two are good because they’re subtle and this movie is so not. Stroke acting by Pacino is atrocious. In fact, his whole performance sucks. Over the top and fidgety, not the brooding quiet of Michael Corleone. The underage first cousin loving is absolutely baffling, explicit, repulsive. An unbelievable action movie that exists in a series that was so grounded. On the nose dialogue that’s so cringeworthy. It’s unfortunate that the “every…   
8705  This film unnecessarily receives a lot of hate. It is not as bad as people say. There are much worse films than Godfather 3. It serves as a perfect epilogue to the previous films. Godfather 2 was concerned with Michael Corleone consolidating his hold over the family. This film shows the later life of Corleone. He is filled with guilt and is looking for redemption. His sister is upgraded to a cold blooded murderer who assists Corleone. His wife still…  
8706 Me finishing The Godfather: Just gonna watch Part II and I'm done. No need to sit through Part III again.Me finishing The Godfather II: JUST WHEN I THOUGHT I WAS OUT, THEY PULL ME BACK IN!Watched via Blu-ray 
8707 The audience in 1990 just wasnt prepared for incest on the big screen but now that it's hit the mainstream, Coppola, capitalizes on it with the re-cut.Even casts his daughter in the incest part. You love to see it.Also the movie was legit great didn't expect that at all. 
8708  Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneThe third and final installment in this epic trilogy is honestly great. It had a different and much more somber tone to it, and I loved that about it.This shift in tone gave us some really amazing scenes between Michael and Kay. Their scenes in this one actually felt cathartic since most of their interactions in Part II were incredibly stressful. And it was really delightful to see. Al…  
8709 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Still pretty good in this new version entitled "The Godfather: Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone", even though I don't think too much has changed from the original. I was more interested in the Vatican stuff this time around, but it's still too convoluted to follow all the pieces. Pacino definitely does too much at times like his diabetic stroke, but he mostly does a solid job here. The ending used here is probably a better choice than the original…   
8710 Li don't care what most people say, the godfayher part III is just as good as the other two movies. 
8711 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Before watching this third part of the Godfather, I was quite unsure what to expect from it, since the reviews aren’t overwhelming and the consensus is that it isn‘t as good as the first two movies. After watching it I must say it‘s not a masterclass film but still a good movie. Pacinos performance of this older Michael Corleone is brilliant. The music and the image of the film are very well on the same level as the first two…   
8712 Apparently I saw the new cut that came out in 2020 either way this is really average and doesn't come close to the first two it's not as bad as I thought it would be. Sofia Coppola is pretty terrible but I'm glad she found her voice as a director, overall a pretty average movie with a pretty bad performance you don't really have to watch it but if you want to complete the trilogy go for it. 
8713 sofia coppola should stick to directing 
8714 Muito pelo contrário do que muitos pensam, eu não vejo isso como um filme que destrói a trilogia dada como perfeita. Mas pense bem: se você fosse Francis Ford Coppola, um homem que fez pelo menos 3 dos maiores filmes de todos os tempos, como você encerraria uma trilogia se não com o Al Pacino chorando em escadas de uma maneira 100% icônica?! Mais uma vez, digo que falar mal disso é vitupério. 
8715 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  al pacino really died at the end of this movie of chronic boredom  
8716  It’s not as bad as some people make it out to be. Sure, there are quite a few under-developed characters and Sofia Coppola attempts acting, but it’s still an alright film. There are many worse ways to end a trilogy, such as Star Wars: The Rise of Skywalker and The Hobbit: The Battle of the Five Armies, so the fact that it doesn’t sink as low as those two abominations is a blessing really. I think the main problem is how different…  
8717 The Dramatic Finale to this legendary Trilogy. It may not be on the masterpiece level of the first two movies but nonetheless a great movie and a must watch if you liked the first two movies. 
8718 The film is as epic in scope, scale, and presentation as its predecessors, yet I think it falls a bit short when it comes to the plot and characters. It's basically a greatest hits album of the previous films. If you liked Godfather 1 and 2, I don't see why you wouldn't enjoy this one. I saw the Coda/Director's Cut, but never saw the original so can't compare them. 
8719 I went into this movie with low expectations and somehow it still disappointed me 
8720  This is for The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, I have never seen the original cut of Godfather Part 3 so it's quite a unique experience to get to watch the entire trilogy for the first time with this new cut for part 3 and damn it's not perfect but you can't deny its very powerful. The plot is admittedly a bit convoluted and confusing at times and Sofia Coppola... now I understand everyone's problems, she drags every…  
8721 Finally finished the Godfather trilogy, it's inexplicably taken me twenty years to watch the final chapter!It's a very well made film that never feels it's length and the standout moments are superb but it doesn't always feel like a Godfather film, the more overblown moments (whilst undoubtedly entertaining) feel at odds with the tone and pace of the first two parts.Niggles aside I really enjoyed it although it's the weakest of the trilogy it's still a good film. 
8722 Belíssimo filme, a essência é mantida. A solidificação do roteiro é algo primoroso. 
8723  Francis Ford Coppola RetrospectiveCODA CutMan, this is rough. Has there been a series of films that have had such a drastic drop in critical perception between entries like this? The Godfather: Part II is one of the greatest films of all time, there was no need to follow it up and if I recall correctly there was no intention from Coppola to do so. The studio wanted it and Francis needed the money by this point in hopes…  
8724 Vincenzo Corleone, the extended son... What a beautiful conclusion to a magnificent saga. It’s probably the best of the three — stunning and emotional — Al Pacino’s most incredible moments — the nostalgia of Vito and young Michael breathe incredible life into Vinnie — and Sofia Coppola just holds it all together. “Za-sa!” (bang-bang) 
8725 Think I checked how long was left like 10 times and it was always too long 
8726  This was a good movie. Definitely a good ways above average. But it lacked the eloquence and subtleties of the previous two installments. Alot of stuff in here was pretty silly. It was weird hearing swearing. Don vito didnt swear. Over all the most italian movie of the series. A good bit of the plot was lost on me. The pope was doing something? The pope bank was up to something? Michael is doin stuff? The other mafia peoples is…  
8727 Al Pacino was so good I cannot ever see myself hating this film. 
8728  This new version does feel like a tighter, more nuanced and narratively clearer film, but it doesn’t really solve any of the problems of the initial version that stop it from being as much of a classic as the preceding two - the tone is still hysterical, the plot is still convoluted and Sofia Coppola still isn’t as engaging as the character requires.What it does do very successfully, however, is reduce the pressure on the film to be a…  
8729  As a filmgoer, I have never really found myself hating unnecessary sequels or remakes. Some are actually really good. But there has to be some semblance of a point to their existence. Or at the very least they have to be of a level of quality where I can forgive their unnecessary nature. Redemption is at the very core of our human existence. It’s a spiritual longing that goes back for millennia. We want absolution for our wrongdoings, and we…  
8730 This was disappointing. The plot was very hard to follow and unnecessarily complicated. Pacino is not bad but he isn’t giving anywhere near the performance he did in the first two films. And Sofia Coppola was terrible (side note: she is one hell of a director though).I suspect if I had seen this as a stand-alone film, I would still have given it the same rating but I would have liked it more. But it’s very much a part of a series so ... yeah, disappointed. 
8731 if you say it doesn't exist it doesn't exist :) 
8732  I saw this in the theater when it came out and Bill Murray was still "just" the guy who owned Caddyshack whenever he was on screen.I went into this revisit with an open mind... but nope.She's a very good director. Is she the world's worst actress or example of the most egregious Hollywood nepotism ever? Hardly and, close but not quite.Her time onscreen is cinematic quicksand that no amount of editorial choosing of the best wooden line…  
8733 Not as good as the first two but almost entirely justified by a few scenes, most notably the opera scene. The hate this film gets is pretty ludicrous imo. 
8734 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneJust when I thought I was out, they make a recut and pull me back in! 
8735 Codachrome 
8736 Finally got around to this one. Unnecessary but not as bad as I was previously led to believe. Why were Bridget Fonda and John Savage in this again? 
8737 I don’t remember the original cut well enough to see the differences. I love Francis Ford Coppola. If I could go back in time, I’d try to get a job at the American Zoetrope studio while it briefly existed. I would love to know the man. Still, this movie is kind of slow, doesn’t feel particularly like a period film, and just doesn’t come close to living up to the prior films. 
8738 ala 
8739 Um dos melhores finais que já vi na vida! 
8740 i’m only halfway through so far but WHY IS THERE AN INCEST STORYLINE AND WHY DID NO ONE PREPARE ME FOR THIS 
8741  This movie is nowhere near as bad as I've been led to expect it to be. Still nowhere near as good as the first two, but that's not all that surprising. There are pieces of a great movie here, and a lot of it works really well. I mean come on, you've got a legendary filmmaker working with some incredible actors, fantastic production design and Mario Puzo himself is back as co-screenwriter. It is not a bad movie in any…  
8742 Gotta say this as blasphemous as it is. This is my favorite Godfather movie. It says fuck the glamour and suspense of the mob life. Here is what its like when you seen it all, cause you've been it all. Long gone are the days of first god father and good fellas. That childlike wonder and awe of this new life and what it could hold. No now we know that this life cost everything and this is what we're left with. 
8743 How did anyone involved with this film believe that a love story between first cousins is something anyone could get behind? WTF? Joey Za Za sucks as a villain and why the heck would Michael give his business away to a hothead who repeatedly makes terrible decisions? Skip this one. 
8744 Whenever Joey Zasa speaks all I can hear is Fat Tony 
8745 Coda Version! Really made a difference. Much more fluid and focused. 
8746 83/100How anti-climatic is the character of Sofia Coppola so flat, you se Diane Keaton, Al Pacino and Andy Garcia and later see Sofia and pfff...Sofia is wonderful like director but in front of the camera is terrible.The best on the film are the performances of Pacino, Diane and Andy Garcia.Gordon Willis not so inspired in the cinematography except in the third act.Not is a bad movie, the problem with The Godfather Part III is: The Godfather and The Godfather II. 
8747 So the majority of this movie was lacking very severely compared to the other two movies. It feels so much different in something which I just can’t seem to put my finger on. However whatever this movie was lacking it made up for in that brilliant last scene. 
8748 tanto quilombo porque María se quería coger al primo 
8749 8/10 
8750 i loved this. i don’t understand why people didn’t. 
8751 — I’ll always love you.— Love somebody else. 
8752 Just when I thought I was out, Lumberg told me I have to come in on Saturday. 
8753 FAM, WHY WOULD YOU LET YOUR DAUGHTER PLAY THAT ROLE? 
8754  Please don’t consider this movie as the 3rd of a trilogy. Consider it as an epilogue to Micheal’s story. Cause it was meant to be exactly that, if it wasn’t for studio interference. If Godfather Part 1 was the first body paragraph of an essay, and Godfather Part 2 was the introduction and the second body paragraph of an essay; then Godfather Part 3 would be the concluding paragraph. It’s like the full stop of an already-written sentence. You could…  
8755 Qui c'è tutto. 
8756  What an absolute disappointment.That's not to say that the film is devoid of any redeeming qualities at all because that's not true. The final thirty minutes are phenomenal and Pacino and Garcia both have moments of great acting within. Some lines of dialogue have stuck with me through to the film's finale. The confession scene is also so satisfying.Despite these, the film is bogged down by forced storylines just to simply make another film to close out the…  
8757 Maybe someone could explain why this is actually good but I don’t think it was worth it 
8758 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   esta peli podría haber estado a la altura de las dos anteriores pero la verdad q con andy garcia y sofia coppola con una relación que no solo es incestuosa si no que no tiene nada que ver con la trama, le resta puntos. creo que a pesar de eso (aparte q sofia actúa mal, por no decir horrible, como directora es mejor) es bastante entretenida y dinámica, toda la secuencia del teatro y cuando muere la hija d michael…   
8759 si yo fuera sofia coppola también hubiera dirigido una película de vírgenes que se suicidan sabiendo que aparezco en esta peliculaigual el final es INCREÍBLE and that's a fact!!!!!!!! 
8760  There is a lot to still love here, the direction is still absolutely flawless, and so is much of the acting but for most of the runtime, the story was bland and incredibly inconsistent. It is never inherently bad but watching the dramatic decline in quality from the beyond superior first and second entry, just worsens the blow of disappointment. Tonally deaf and narratively all over the place, it felt like a 90-minute film, forced to be 3 hours for…  
8761  [DISCLAIMER: This is a review of The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone]Ahem,I’ll start off by saying that at first I totally got all the hate that Sofia Coppola has gotten over the years for her role, she cannot act and the whole cousin-fucking subplot is weird. However by the third act, the character is vindicated which I believe is the true saving grace of this edit.On the other hand is the film itself, and it…  
8762  “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in.”CODA:What a waste of time and money. It’s a good thing I got a nice deal on it otherwise full price would have been even worse. Literally nothing changes from the original cut. I think the only positive thing is that there were slightly less scenes with Sofia Coppola?? I take back what I said about her performance being bearable because it isn’t... and I think even…  
8763 CAN NEVER GO WRONG WITH AN OPERA SEQUENCE, SO AGAIN: INVIGORATING 
8764  While I've rewatched the whole of 1&2 many times, and even more sequences since I first saw them, I couldn't even remember when I first watched Part 3, let alone the machinations of the plots.To finish the trilogy with our teens, this was the original cut from our DVD set, not the new version. It's nowhere near the level of the two earlier films but, to be honest, there's not much in the whole of cinema that is. This…  
8765 Not that bad but not nearly as intriguing as the first two. 
8766  The Godfather Part III is one of a huge number of second sequel/climactic installments of a franchise that have an awful reputation. Part of this was somewhat encouraged by co-writer/director Francis Ford Coppola himself—after The Godfather Part II, the filmmaker considered the story of Michael Corleone finished, as the character seemingly had nothing left to gain or lose. Paramount pictures was hellbent on continuing to milk the IP, commissioning several sequel scripts that merely put the Corleone’s (led by a young…  
8767 It might be the Coda cut but it’s still The Godfather Part III. 
8768 Watched The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone. Not too many substantial differences, but it was marginally better and more tightly paced than the original Godfather Part 3. Definitely the way to go if you ever plan to watch the full trilogy. 
8769 {Coda edit}It’s been decades since I’ve seen the other cut, but this played with much more dramatic force than I remember it having (I notice that it’s now shorter). It’s certainly a more direct film than Part II. As a story about trying to define one’s legacy through a group of disappointing heirs it achieves operatic dimensions even before its conclusion. They probably should have paid Duvall what he wanted, though. 
8770 This review is for the: Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone.  This coda is done right. Bravo. Not only Sofia Coppola was stunning but she was perfect for the role. What a way to end this ride. 
8771  👍🍅68% || GRADE: CThe Godfather Part III is an interesting ending to one of cinema’s best and cherished trilogies of all time. But it’s messy sub-plots, confusing side stories and overall needing didn’t leave me with the satisfaction that I wanted. I really don’t know what to say about this film. It had all the makings of a solid ending and instead I was left with this messy film that really didn’t feel like a solid ending for me.…  
8772 I enjoyed the third film but I see why it’s the least favourite of the trilogy. Some moments seemed too rushed and skimmed over. However, it was so interesting to see the character development of Michael Corleone from a harmless, academic war veteran to ruthless mafia leader over the 3 films. Al Pacino’ s performance was stellar. 
8773 Watched the Coda. This feels like a series of events that happen to occur, with a larger narrative not quite there. My favourite moment was the mobster exclaiming about his lucky coat. 
8774  Mario Puza’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone“Don Corleone, I need your help.”The first big change (and one of the two biggest changes) to Coda is repositioning the scene in which the Vatican comes to Michael. This is a good choice. Generally, it’s a bad idea for your inciting event to arrive forty minutes into a film.Obviously, the original cut was full of homages and references to the earlier films. Indeed, one of the smarter aspects of…  
8775  As big a devotee of the Godfather films as I am (my love runs marrow-deep), this is only my second viewing ever of its final installment, in part a preparation before I watch the newly released coda/redux/whatever. I still stand by the notion that the spine of this movie, focused on an aging mobster trying and failing to go legitimate by tangling with the impenetrable corruption of the Catholic Church, would've made for a fine narrative had Coppola created original…  
8776  It's quite amazing to finally see The Godfather Part III after thirteen years of putting it off- 2007 being the first time that I'd ever seen the two greatest films of all time- and to feel virtually nothing about it. My own seething rage accompanied every passing moment, sure, but I suspect that it really will be easy to forget that this pointless money grab ever even happened. There are some things that work (Pacino's surprisingly docile performance, Diane Keaton's…  
8777 Godfather 3 is a 3 and a half star movie, burdened by the 2 masterpieces that came before it. 
8778 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Hilarious they cut the death of Michael Corleone from the cut called The Death of Michael Corleone  
8779 Nepotism, man. The role of Mary could have been GREAT. 
8780 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone has a clunky new title but that’s just about the biggest difference in what is functionally the same movie as the theatrical release, and just like the theatrical release, it is merely fine. 
8781  When we last encountered Michael Corleone (Al Pacino) in Francis Ford Coppola’s second Godfather picture, he’d coldly reasoned away the last parts of his soul, emotionally imprisoning his long-suffering wife Kay (Diane Keaton) and then ordering the death of his weak, sweet brother Fredo (John Cazale). The last seconds of that 1974 classic feel definitive in terms of how they close Michael’s arc: he’s sitting in the woods, visibly aged and – if not for the small cadre of bodyguards…  
8782 The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneFundamentally the same film, which is to say already very good. 
8783  Alright, is this as good as the previous two iterations of The Godfather? No, of course not. Is this a bad film, though? Well, that's a bit more complicated. There is some good to be found here. I think Al Pacino and Diane Keaton, returning in their roles as Michael and Kay, respectively, are both good. Keaton's material in terms of dialogue is god-awful, but she does a good job with it (especially in the second half of the film)…  
8784  The Godfather Coda: Death of Michael Should be  like Special editions of Star Wars, were it’s the official cut of the film and the other cut no longer exists and are hard to findUnlike The special editions of Star Wars, this actually improves the film not ruins it. That being said it’s still not as good and is overall a disappointment. It’s a lot more boring and less focused as the other two. I do wish he cut a…  
8785 Of course The Godfather Coda is the weakest entry in Mario Puzo and Francis Ford Coppola's beloved trilogy, but that's because of how it compares to its masterpiece predecessors. On its own merits, the third installment is actually a solid film. Sofia Coppola and Talia Shire deliver awkward performances and the film itself is a lot slower-paced but the third act at the opera more than makes up for these shortcomings. Although The Godfather Part III is far from a masterpiece, it is a fine conclusion, especially due to the performances of Al Pacino and Andy Garcia. 
8786 The Godfather CODA The Death of Michael Corleone is a Good Movie and I would recommend this movie to someone. 
8787 i cried... 
8788  For a unique (edit: apparently not so unique) experience, I watched the Coda cut without having seen the original (and some years since I last saw the first two). It’s not that bad!!Well, okay. Sofia is that bad, but there’s not exactly a ton of her. Where the story goes thematically makes sense, even if the details get a little jumbled towards the end. If The Sopranos and Boardwalk Empire arguably improved on some of the narrative ideas and plot…  
8789  Okay I understand being disappointed if I waited 14 years for this film to come out but having watched he trilogy for the first time in the span of a week I still had a good time and I wasn’t angry or like omg this sucks I thought it was pretty good I was engaged and Sophia was only bad like twice like her presence is not big enough or bad enough to be movie ruining IMO. At times she…  
8790   “Just when I thought I was out, they pull me back in”  watched as “The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone”I’ve never understood why Godfather III was so maligned. Certainly not as great as its predecessors, it is only in this illustrious company that it looks less than perfect. Yes, the late withdrawal by Winona Ryder probably denied us a stronger Mary, but Sofia Coppola is fine, especially in this re-edited, superior version. The weaving in of real…  
8791  This is a mess of a film. Living up to the first two films is already bad enough but this film just didn’t even seem to try. Godfather III feels like a pale imitation of the first two films that takes some interesting narrative choices like Michael’s road to redemption but also takes very questionable narrative choices like the romance subplot between Vincent and Mary. The movie is a disjointed mess. When I wasn’t weirded out by the plot, I…  
8792  We watched the new Coda edition or whatever the hell they’re calling it. You know, the one with the FFC hostage tape at the beginning. It is definitely an improvement over the old cut. The plot is streamlined nicely - the Immobiliare caper was borderline incomprehensible previously. On the flip side, Shire and Mantegna are still laughably hammy and bad. Somehow Garcia is also hammy as hell but way more fun than those two - he’s the best part of…  
8793  Mario Puzo's The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneCan't really disagree with the changes that Coppola has made in 2020 to reposition this film vis-a-vis his two earlier masterpieces (with the exception of the end title card, which superfluously functions like the rat at the end of THE DEPARTED). Everything from the altered title to the reshuffling of the scenes so that it now plays as a structural echo of THE GODFATHER makes this version a more streamlined…  
8794  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneI really wish Paramount let FFC name this the title he wanted. When you think of and view this as a coda from the start - an epilogue - you allow this story to have a distance from the first two. Honestly the new cut, and watching it even further away from the era that mythologized this movie’s (real) weakness in comparison to the heights of the first two (2 of the…  
8795 Coda Recut 
8796  (THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE is not considered a separate film under whatever rules govern the IMDB and the TMDB. This is a review of that, not GODFATHER III.)Coppola's latest "tinker with a movie I made thirty years ago" project is an absolute massacre of the thing. I know GODFATHER III doesn't rank too highly on most peoples' lists of films, ever (not even Coppola's); even on my own list, it ranks a distant third on…  
8797 This a review for CODA.I've never seen 3. I always heard so many bad things. I had to check out CODA because it was the "definitive" better version. That may be all marketing but I enjoyed it. Not perfect but it felt like the closing of the Godfather book.Although, I NEED AN ANDY GARCIA GODFATHER 4. 
8798 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   There's one moment in The Godfather III that I think truly works, almost to the level of the original two. The movie fumbles its dramatic climax with Mary's death, but the aftermath – Michael's silent scream of agony – is as skilled a piece of filmmaking as Coppola has ever created. Pacino opens his mouth wide as the sound drops and in that moment he looks hollowed out by anger, by grief, by the sin of killing his father's son…   
8799  Saw The Godfather Coda, and while I don’t know how different it is compared to the original cut, I can’t imagine either version being as bad as the word-of-mouth I heard beforehand. I hear this cited often as one of the most disappointing sequels of all-time, and while it can’t measure up to the first two, it definitely had impressive moments and a nail-biting heartbreaking finale.I can imagine it being a really underwhelming follow-up after a 16 year gap,…  
8800 Please please lets not normalize incest 
8801               “Look how they massacred my boy.” 
8802  [...] Kultregisseur Francis Ford Coppola nahm sich nach 30 Jahren sein Sorgenkind Der Pate 3 vor, um seine ursprüngliche Vorstellung des Films doch noch umzusetzen. Heraus kommt mit Der Pate Epilog ein Kriminalfilm, der immer noch mit den Geistern der Vergangenheit zu kämpfen hat: Durchwachsene Handlungsstränge und teils uninspiriertes Schauspiel mischen sich unter ikonische Filmmomente wie in der Oper, die an die glorreichen Tage der Pate-Trilogie erinnern. Coppolas Fokus liegt klar darauf, Michaels Leitmotiv der Suche nach Vergebung zu priorisieren.…  
8803 Coda version. Slightly better. Still wish they could have had Michael die on the steps of the Opera theater. 
8804  so im just gonna be upfront here and say I think this new edit is janky and kind of bad. the first half is cut to ribbons in a way that kills the pacing and suffocates the mood. opening up top w the plot is fine but all the establishing shots are cut so we never know where we are. it seems like things have been nip/tucked for no purpose so there's lots of awkward fade outs and scenes that…  
8805  For decades I feel like I've heard nothing but trash talk in regards to The Godfather: Part III. I, myself had personally made a conscious effort to avoid it until today, and as I finally did just now sit through its near 3-hour duration, I found myself simply waiting for the stink to kick in. Bizarrely though it never quite got there. This movie isn't all that bad. In all honesty, I was more enthralled in Part III’s narrative than…  
8806 CODA:First to those perpetuating that bullshit from 1990: Sofia is good, so fuck off with that noise. Secondly, Coda is very good reshaping of 3. This has became a full, textured, gorgeous postscript to the greatest duopoly of all-time. 
8807 Sofia Coppola is an excellent director. 
8808 Rating for The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneDon't remember much of the original Godfather 3 but this definitely felt like an improvement. Sofia Coppola still felt like the weaker part of the movie although some parts she wasn't as bad. 
8809 Neue Schnittfassung „Mario Puzo‘s: the Godfather - Coda: the death of Michael Corleone“158 Min. Ca. 12 Min. kürzer als der Final Cut. Welche Fassung besser ist, zu hören im Podcast „extended cut“ 
8810 The Godfather Coda: The Death Of Michael Corleone 
8811 Actually just fucking bad. The last hour or so is great, then it leads up to the most laughable and emotionally manipulative ending ever. Also, HOW HAS NO ONE EVER MENTIONED THE COUSIN FUCKING IN THIS MOVIE. I CANT BELIEVE FRANCIS FORD COPPOLA PUT HIS ACTUAL DAUGHTER IN A ROLE WHERE THERE IS COUSIN FUCKING INVOLVED. WHAT? 
8812 si quitas el incesto es buena película 
8813 Don't remember a ton about the original, but I quite liked this cut. Still glad Sofia turned to directing. 
8814 Frankie was smart in keeping the three big sequences from the original cut intact and giving the whole thing a faster feeling while greatly improving Sophia's performance. I still think I prefer the original cut over this which does feel more like a sequel where this has the tone of an epilogue. I understand that's what Frankie was going for, but give me the slower loss of control that the original cut has.[Mario Puzo’s The Godfather, Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone] 
8815  This film presented a unique viewing opportunity for me. Part of a franchise of “essential” viewing material, almost universally decried upon initial release, and re-cut to mixed reviews, almost all written by those who had already seen the original. If The Godfather parts I and II are Kanye West’s first 3 albums, this film is 808s and Heartbreak. Coppola fucked with the formula. Obviously imperfect and much less consistent than its predecessors, Coda nevertheless impressed me, and made a markedly…  
8816  So a conspiracy involving the Vatican wasn’t where I expected the Godfather saga to go...and the incest romance that’s integral to the plot was a choice...and Sophia Coppola’s wooden acting would make an oak tree blush.But you know what? This movie is actually really really great! That montage juxtaposing the opera with the mafiosi violence towards the end is pure cinema!  Al Pacino is great here as Michael Corleone but I still wish shouty Al Pacino hadn’t murdered…  
8817  This entry is for Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone alternate cut.So, this is an improvement. Definitely not an overhaul, Coda contains little edits and changes that slim down the movie by five minutes, but it ends up feeling much brisker than before, which is great. Sofia Coppola still is, well, Sofia Coppola, but her *spoiler* final death scene has been reworked, and is now much less cringey. The reworked edit actually makes a lot of the plot much…  
8818  This seemed like the only route for Michael to go. I for one hated the ending of Godfather 2. I couldn't imagine Michael doing what he did, it just didn't seem possible even in the world of the film. My suspension of disbelief mustn't have been very high that day. I think my feelings carried over and watching this, I didn't feel sorry for Michael, I didn't pity him either, I hated him. I couldn't even stand Andy Garcia and…  
8819 watched the coda cut. still boring! 
8820  (2020 cut)It’s been awhile since I watched the original cut but I think this one is a bit better. The restoration looks good and the editing is better. It does a much better job showing the tragic elements of the film. My biggest takeaway is that I didn’t hate Sophia Coppola quite as much. It’s very easy to hate on her performance, but I’m not gonna do that here. However, I will say that I think the fact that…  
8821 Assisti essa versão Coda que o Coppola lançou!!! 
8822 augh........... 
8823 I recently saw the Directors Cut version of The Godfather Part III - with some strange idea that it might rescue this film. In the end it suffers from the Jar Jar Binks syndrome. She would later become a talented Director in her own right - but, unfortunately, Sofia Coppola's turn at acting took every scene she is in down - not to mention the strange incest nature of her character's relationship to her first cousin - cast by her own father no less. The only reason I would see this again is a version where her character is edited out. 
8824  Thoughts on the "Coda" cut (2020):Here's the thing with Francis Ford Coppola: He's one of the 10 or 20 most gifted people who has ever done this job, so even when he makes a B-minus movie like The Godfather Part III, there are still a lot of good courses in the meal. And even the things that absolutely do not work, with distance and the right perspective, become kind of fascinating for their wrongness. I haven't sat and watched…  
8825  Watched The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneThe blu-ray for The Godfather Coda states it as the definitive new edit of Part III. And for Francis Ford Coppola it might very well be. There are 3 things of note I felt it did well. First it jump starts the plot of the film right from the start. In the original edit it takes over 30 minutes for that to occur. Another is the edit manages to turn Sofia…  
8826  Just when i thought i was out, they pull me back in.....The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone is a new edit from Francis Ford Coppola this edit cuts out a good chunk of 20 minutes from the theatrical cut, some scenes have also been moved and the movie has a completely new opening and ending, there were also some new musical cues added. Now I've been looking forward to this edit from the day it has been…  
8827 It’s still shit, but less shittier than the 1990 release 
8828  This was my least favorite part of The Godfather trilogy however it was the perfect ending nonetheless. An extremely well directed movie by Francis Ford Copolla and I felt that this encapsulated what it’s like to be a Corleone very well. Michael got screwed over by Lucchesi, Gilday, and Keinszig with the Immobiliare deal but he still managed to have all three of them killed and ended up landing the deal with Lamberto before he was killed. Speaking of which,…  
8829  8.5/10This review is about the 2020 Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone re-cut. It's always interesting seeing changes made by a director often years later and usually they just try to change stuff up tahta lot of people loved about the film like George Lucas did with Star Wars. But Francis Ford Coppola already did a Final Cut with Apocalypse Now that, in my opinion, heavily improved on the Redux and theatrical cut and here it is no different.…  
8830  Creo que lo que más se puede destacar de la trilogía es que Coppola fue lo menos oportunista posible, en las 2 secuelas de la original nunca intentó imitarlas, al contrario, buscó diferenciar a cada una, que fueran lo más independientes posibles entre sí, aunque obvio tratando con los mismos personajes, por lo menos los que quedaban vivos, jaEn esta tiene un doble desafío, diferenciar pero a la vez aunar las 3, es la conclusión, el cierre, el final…  
8831  Coda edition:Starts out feeling like a soap opera whose main characters are a set of non-descript accent lamps placed around set. Once you see them, you'll know what I'm talking about. Characters pop in and out of scene like they would in a soap, and they're all shot in medium to wide shots that give it a very generic, almost made-for-tv feel. Once we get into the meat of the plot it gets better. Andy Garcia's journey from neo-Sonny…  
8832 coda cut 
8833  I never had a problem as great as many with The Godfather III, but even still only watched it once. Perhaps it was the giveover to all the new young characters, perhaps the absence of others, perhaps simply because it followed two of the greatest films of all time. Godfather III’s theatrical cut was a perfectly serviceable mafia film, better than many, not as bad as most said. Watching The Godfather III’s redux into Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone,…  
8834  The Godfather: Part III is flawed and it is good. With the release of The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone I revisited the theatrical cut. Since its release Godfather: Part III has been viewed as the stepchild of the franchise, being a disappointment. When compared to its predecessors it absolutely is disappointing. However, when viewed as an epilogue, as the director intended, it's a much more rewarding experience. The Godfather: Part III illustrates a broken and weathered Micheal…  
8835  Look I never understood why this movie was hated. Despite all the glamour and awards; this movie always had a sort of witch hunt "let's kill it" vibe by so many people. I agree with two things: one Sophia Copolla's acting is bad and two it's nowhere as good as the first two.But here is the thing, it was never meant to be as good as those first two movies. And watching it on its own; its a good…  
8836 2020 Re-Edit.It's dangerous to be an honest man.Me gusto, no se si la versión original sea incompetente, pero la Coda fue una buena adición como final a la trilogía. Muy inferior a las anteriores pero tiene un propósito honesto de mostrar las consecuencias de la culpa y el remordimiento. Aunque The Irishman lo hizo muchisimo mejor. 
8837  The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneThe original cut of the Godfather III never deserved the vitriol it got, but it does have its faults. The major problem for me is that the Andy Garcia crime arc is too separate from the Vatican politics arc and the movie gets bogged down in the latter. This fault is fixed in the new cut. The Vatican political machinations are trimmed down to a minimum and the focus of the movie…  
8838 Coppola Commentary TrackWho remembered that there’s a Harry Connick Jr. song over the closing credits?? 
8839  Follows Michael Corleone, now in his 60s, seeks to free his family from crime and find a suitable successor to his empire. This review is actually for The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone, the new cut of the film to celebrate the 30th anniversary of its release. I’ve only watched The Godfather 3 once in the ‘90s, so I was basically going in with a fresh perspective since I don’t really remember anything from it, and my apologies…  
8840 Obra prima 
8841  The Godfather Coda: The Death Of Michael CorleoneI never hated part 3. It was a good movie with a slightly unwelcomed change of pace. But it was still good, outside the shadow of the rest of the trilogy. Sadly, this recut does little to improve the pace and the cutting is just...eh? It still feels like the skeleton of what could have been a great film, only reordered in its presentation with a different balance of focus.At first, I…  
8842 New cut - Mario Puzo's The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone 
8843  SPOILER ALERT I had the pleasure of watching The Godfather, coda: The Death of Michael Corleone this evening.  I’m not going to bury the lede. I have always liked Godfather Part III. I have always thought that it was a marvelous film even if it was the lesser cousin to the first two films. Too many people have castigated the film simply because it was lesser, which is wrong. I don’t think any film could have stood up to…  
8844 Rating is for Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone 
8845 I cried a lot. 
8846 Assisti agora a versão remasterizada no cinema. Um presente!Algumas perceptíveis mudanças nas cenas, umas importantes, outras nem tanto. Confesso que sou fã do terceiro filme. Lógico que não se compara ao primeiro e segundo filme, mas estamos falando aqui de duas das maiores obras do cinema! Muito difícil chegar aos pés. Mas, na minha opinião, ela encerra a trilogia de forma magnífica. Agora ainda mais com a nova versão. Quem puder ver no cinema, veja!Excelente  4,5/5 
8847  Watched for the first time, as Coppola’s new cut, The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael Corleone.As Coppola and Pacino have been saying in all of their interviews for this- this movie was always intended to be an epilogue. Never a Part 3. Always an epilogue. It’s about Michael getting out of the biz because he’s guilty for all of his sins. In that way and many others it’s kind of rebelling against the first 2 movies, which are…  
8848  The Godfather: Part III, em alguns momentos, parece um grande fan service para os aficionados pelos dois primeiros filmes - talvez, por causa disso, Coppola o considere mais como um epílogo do que como uma sequência direta e relevante. Praticamente todas as cenas marcantes dos longas de 1972 e 1974 são de alguma forma referenciadas aqui: a abertura com uma festa, uma tentativa de assassinato ao Don Corleone, a investigação dos responsáveis por esse assassinato, conspirações políticas e econômicas, a…  
8849 Spoiler Alert:.......The Death of Michael Corleone is now metaphorical. 
8850 THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONEThe Godfather, Part III walked so that The Irishman could run. 
8851 Obviously not as good as the other two. It’s basically a remake of the first film, except worse. I didn’t hate this, as it’s easy to just imagine it doesn’t exist, but it’s just so pointless. Other than the money, what the fuck was the point of making this? And don’t even get me started on the romance between two first-cousins that literally say “I love you cousin” before sucking each other’s faces.I guess it’s worth saying that I’ve finally seen all The Godfather films on the big screen! Definitely more engrossing and enjoyable than on my TV. 
8852 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  im only halfway thru this but wwhy the fuck is there a weird incest plotline like arent mary and vinnie literally blood related wh at the fuck its making me 🤢edit: finished it. see baby that wouldn't have happened if you hadn't fucked your cousin  
8853 THE GODFATHER, CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE.Logging the original cut of the film as currently the actual entry seems to be a 90 minute documentary with no crew.So this version is half an hour shorter but still drags on way too long. And honestly, I don't think an even shorter cut would help. There's some very good stuff here, especially in the first two thirds of the movie, but I still find the final third chronic.It's worth a watch if you're curious but don't expect your opinion to change much on it. 
8854 CODA 
8855 Ningún problema en reconocer que se me ha saltado una lagrima con la canción de Apolonia. 
8856 I actually preferred the original cut, but it’s still a great film. Never understood the bad rep it gets. 
8857  The Coda/Directors cut/final cut/super extreme charged cut/thingyThe way Garcia says "Zaza" after he shoots him is god-tier. The first act is.. whatever. Some good stuff, little bit too much Sofia, you’re either on board with the Zaza stuff or not, but once this film goes to Sicily, I think it absolutely ramps up and we get some classic Godfather imagery. I love that we get some Michael and Kay scenes of them just.. hanging out. This wraps up Michael’s…  
8858 It insists upon itself, Lois. 
8859  I have seen Parts I and II but I have never seen The Godfather, Part III and I'm not sure I even want to after seeing Coda. If there are people saying this recut isn't all that different from the original then it's my view that this film has been judged too harshly over the years. Maybe it's because I had the privilege of being able to see this on the big screen in my favourite theatre in the world…  
8860  I have never seen The Godfather Part III. I have seen, and very much enjoyed the previous 2 parts, but for whatever reason I was never able to get into part 3 past around the 20 minute mark. Now that I was practically forced to sit and watch it (or I should say the directorially refined version of the film formally, or theatrically, known as The Godfather Part III), I am here to say that I enjoyed it. It was…  
8861 Similar to Apocalypse Redux, Coda slightly enhances and refines an good movie. Sofia Coppola’s performance is still distracting in moments but her death felt more impactful with this new cut. By removing Part III from the title, now with Coda, this movie can exist as an epilogue to The Godfather and The Godfather Part II. 
8862 Went and saw the Coda version. Oh boy, that was a big oof. I cannot imagine how the original version was. 
8863  It's no secret that the original cut of The Godfather part 3 received a luke-warm reception at best, as far as disappointing sequels go, it's become rather notorious, the go to for many.I myself have always maintained that Part 3 is not a bad film, it's just okay, disappointing by comparison to it's remarkable predecessors, but far from the worst film I have seen when standing on it's own two feet. There have always been rumours that it wasn't…  
8864 REVIEW FOR: THE GODFATHER CODA: THE DEATH OF MICHAEL CORLEONE.Went to watch it with my dad. Ate a burger before. Ate a chocolate after. It was cool. Honestly? A better cut... or at least I did manage to apreciatte more what Coppola wanted to do with this one, not a closing to a trilogy, but an epilogue to a duology. The new title and ending are both mayor improvements, tge film as a whole still suffers a lot from the issues the original cut does as well. 
8865 My review of the 2020 coda recut is that I tried the new fudge dark chocolate m&m's at the theatre. They were pretty good but unsurprisingly quite rich and I was only able to get through 75% of the bag. A good effort nonetheless. 
8866 Review for Coda Version: Stick with the original cut, it's much better. 
8867 I always really liked The Godfather Part III as an epilogue to the saga. This new "Coda" cut is my first time re-watching after about 7 years. Not sure what's different about it other than maybe feeling a bit tighter in the editing? Whatever the changes are, I just hope it means people will quit ragging on the movie so much 
8868 The death of Michael Corleone I swear I'll never ever allow any bad reviews restring me from watching any movie whatsoever. A solid addition to the franchise that his first 2 movies are almost perfect and nearly unreachable. 
8869 …“Don’t overestimate the power of forgiveness.”… 
8870  “You all know Joey Zasa. He is, I admit, an important man. His picture is on the cover of the New York Times magazine. He gets the Esquire magazine award, for the best-dressed gangster! The newspapers praise him, because, he hires Blacks into his family, which shows he has a good heart. He, is famous. Who knows? Maybe one day, he will make all of you, popular.”The Godfather, Part III has a number of major problems. Some of them…  
8871 Edit: this is a review of Mario Puzo’s The Godfather Coda, The Death of Michael Corleone.Not much is different from the theatrical version, some scenes are cut and the beginning and end have been slightly changed.Can we all agree Sophia isn’t that bad, like not good or anything but not as terrible as everyone made her performance up to be.Just wished the ending was better, not much is really different.Also every time Joe Mantegna appeared I couldn't help but think of his performance in Baby’s Day Out. 
8872 This is a capsule about The Godfather Coda: The Death of Michael CorleoneWouldn't exactly classify this as a corrective to the original cut, but it definitely smooths some of the rougher edges. Particularly the Vincent/Mary relationship, which has been rightfully criticized vehemently over the years. Mary is still an underwritten role, but she's more posited here as the result of Michael's failures rather than his ignorance. Plus, the film becomes less about class and financial ascension and more about irredeemable moral rot. Fun! 
8873 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  People call this the bad one? While I agree it’s easily the worst, it’s still really great. Al Pacino was fantastic throughout especially at the ending. Speaking of which, this ending was fantastic. One of the most satisfying endings I’ve seen in a long time and it was very intense and very sad. Vincent while not my favorite, wasn’t bad and he was portrayed quite nice. This film has a lot of good scenes and lines. Michaels death was perfect. No lines, no year, nothing. Just him. Dying peaceful in I’m guess Sicily. I noticed he kinda died in a similar way to his father.  
8874  Ok I’m going to say it. Sophia Coppola’s performance isn’t that bad. It’s certainly not bad enough to drag the film down any. It’s a pretty bad performance sure, but keep in mind she’s lumbered with the absolute worst dialogue in the film. She has to act out an incest plot line which isn’t even treated as slightly weird by the film but is definitely weird. She has to repeatedly call a man whose also giving a bad performance “cous”…  
8875  STRESS RATING: 🌀🌀🌀 ½ It feels really odd giving this movie this stress rating considering how high the previous films rated, however The Godfather: Part III is just not nearly engaging enough to keep you at the edge of your seat for more than a few seconds.Personal Rating: 5Nearly fell asleep multiple times through this movie, and that’s not a thing that I usually ever have a problem with. This movie just drags your eyelids straight to the…  
8876 He was so worried about the cheese...he forgot about the trapTeared up at the end it's good folks 
8877 listen, this movie is good. some parts are even great. the entire opera/killing sequence is right up there with the godfather part 1 and 2. this movie simply had the misfortune of having to follow two of the greatest movies ever made. 
8878  Looking back, I was definitely too harsh on this the first time round. In all honesty, The Godfather: Part III really isn’t that bad, it’s just not nearly as good as the first two. It looks atrocious by its association with the two literal masterpieces that preceded it but it’s not bad, just mediocre. Sofia Coppola is by far and away the worst part of the film. Francis Ford Coppola just cannot seem to understand that, just because she’s related…  
8879  Scavenger Hunt 68 - Task 12. Watch a sequel "Just when I thought I was out... they pull me back in"The Godfather: Part III is a polemic film, it's sorrounded by controversial opinions from some people that found this to be a disrespectful with the masterpieces of the 70s and others that actually find this an amazing conclusion that even not being in the same level, honor the legacy of these classicsBut overall, the amount of people just…  
8880 it’s not as good as the first two but it’s not awful. it has its flaws but it’s a good enough movie. i think it suffers from that thing where the first two were three hours long so they felt that this one had to be that long as well when they clearly didn’t have the material for a good three hour movie. so it drags a bit in spots. but the parts that shine are really great. i’m interested to see Coppola’s new cut of the movie and how it compares to this one. i can’t imagine trimming it down can make it any worse. 
8881 "The sarcastic correlation of religion and mob power that informs the series from the start, the aspect of funerary rite that defines the climax of the first film and the subsuming of the role of giver of life and death by the Dons, here gives way to a more urgent questioning of just what if anything a man like Michael can ask of his nominal faith, and whether redemption, both worldly and spiritual, is possible for him."Full review at Film Freedonia:filmfreedonia.com/2019/02/23/the-godfather-1972-the-godfather-part-ii-1974-the-godfather-part-iii-1990/ 
8882 Coppola encerra com maestria a história da família Corleone, com um misto de melancolia e saudosismo. Um digno final para um Michael que busca acima de tudo a redenção.E não, a Sofia Coppola não é tão ruim assim. 
8883 Was very weird seeing my stupid ex-boss’s name in the credits. 
8884 “No one man should have all that power” - Kanye West 
8885 Sure, it's not quite on the same level as the first two, and I understand why some view this as a lackluster conclusion to what is now a legendary saga. That said, this is a good movie. It's consistently engaging, well-directed, and Pacino absolutely kills it here, in what I'd argue is his best performance in the entire trilogy. So, yeah, The Godfather: Part III is good, actually. 
8886 i’ll just pretend this didn’t happen 
8887  Evité verla durante los últimos meses por miedo a que arruinara lo que sus dos predecesoras lograron, pero me equivoqué y en realidad me gustó. Es bastante inferior a la 1 y la 2, el guión tiene cosas cuestionables y el ritmo es pesado, pero su historia continúa desarrollando los temas de sus predecesoras y ofrece un final apropiado. Al final del día, eso es lo que una secuela debe hacer.Aquí Michael no es el mismo hombre de las…  
8888 Mediocre performance from Christopher Walken 
8889 I like this film more than most, sue me. 
8890  All my life I wanted out. I wanted the family out.Making a third movie as good as the first two would've been a miracle. Hell the second one being as good as it was, was a miracle.This movie does have its problems - one particular plotline is so...obscene. The direction isn't that great at times and neither is the writing. The performance from Sofia Coppola is mediocre, awful even.But this movie can be really good at times,…  
8891 Clearly the elephant in the trilogy unfortunate how it had to end like this but al pacino and the soundtrack are great af tho 
8892  Estuve varios años sin cerrar esta fantástica saga por los comentarios que no estaba a la altura o que era innecesariaLa disfruté desde el primer momento , volver a esos lugares festivos que despues se mezclan con asesinatos y tramas de poder . La historia me parecio interesante con un Michael abatido casi por todas las decisiones que tomo buscando redimirse con la gente equivocada. Bastante floja Sofia Coppola como todos remarcan y quizas alguna otra decision , pero…  
8893  Not as intelligently rendered or patient as the previous two films. Still, everything post-Joey Zasa is involving. The confession scene with Michael and Cardinal Lamberto is the best scene by a mile. Wallach is a ham and irritating to watch. Sofia Coppola's voice wrecks the performance more than anything. George Hamilton?? Come on. Still, Andy Garcia is powerful as Vincent. You just wish he had more to do. And Keaton and Shire have some great moments. In the end. I…  
8894 Best of out the trilogy! 
8895 While not as great as the first two it’s still a good movie. Sofia Coppola’s performance wasn’t as awful as I thought but it wasn’t that good especially during her last scene...yikes. I looked up some bts info which confirms my suspicion that the script was rushed and the character of Tom Hagan was supposed to be in it but the studio didn’t want to pay Duvall what he asked for which was an issue with many other actors who were going to be in this during the troubled production. 
8896 lol 
8897  It is such a colossal mess that on the top of my head I can just think about some things.Sofia Coppola's performance is atrocious but kind of unintentially hilarious.It's so poorly structured with characters making dumb choices every five minutes. The Shot composition is so below average, it pales in comparison to the first two part. The character constructions and bonds between one another are immediately handfisted. The montage was hilarious, why did I see that The tension…  
8898 1x gesehenPositiv:-Ich kann nicht ganz nachvollziehen, warum Leute den zweiten Teil dem dritten Teil vorziehen. Ich fühle mich emotional viel mehr mit Michael verbunden und man wird viel besser in die Psyche der Figuren mit hineingenommen, was natürlich auch den Film als Ganzes viel interessanter macht. Damit steht und fällt eigentlich alles.-einzigartige Atmosphäre-Handlung fühlt sich wieder geschmeidiger und realistischer an-MusikNegativ:-Viele uninteressante Nebenfiguren, bei denen man vor allem am Ende den Überblick verliert-zu lang 
8899 I WAS EXPECTING TRASH BUT IT’S STILL A GOOD MOVIE WTF ARE U ALL ON 
8900 idc that sofia coppola can’t act, she’s still THAT bitch 
8901 estoy cansada de este vacío que siento en el pecho llamado nunca dejan que Al Pacino sea feliz 
8902 The only way to watch this is with your eyes taped open, clockwork orange style. 
8903 “i had a lot of girlfriends when i was fifteen”“eight-year-olds?”“especially eight-year-olds” i turned it off 
8904  On Lists:Oscar for Best Picture Nominees & Winners Ranked - Ranked #270Everything I heard about this was true. Over long, a little tedious, a bad Sofia Coppola performance, and it barely even feels like The Godfather at times.But also, it's beautifully designed, gorgeously shot, entertaining in bursts, and features some excellent performances.It's a perfectly decent film, but anything next to the first film is a disappointment (hell, I think the second film was a disappointment personally, and…  
8905  Era mais um filme do Coppola, no seu habitat natural, God-fucking-father, trilha impecável, edição on point, fotografia perfeita, um quadro a todo frame, arte maravilhosa, a maquiagem deixou a desejar, mas fodasse, puta que me pariu, o bagulho tava um espetáculooo! Seria a melhor saga já feita na história da sétima arte, mas o Casting resolveu fuder tudo! Como vocês me tiram o Robert Duvall, que era o meu personagem favorito da saga, e substituiem pelo bossal do George Hamilton?!!…  
8906 Sinceramente no sé porqué le tiraban tanto bardo a la tres, a mí me gustó, igual claro, la mejor de la trilogía sigue siendo la dos. Encima hay un chabón que lo están por matar y solo le importa su chaqueta de la suerte, me parece un chiste muy de South Park (a pesar de que no se haya escrito como chiste, claro), y hay una relación incestuosa, ¿Qué más querés? 
8907  Maybe I went in with extremely low expectations, but I liked this quite a bit. Obviously it doesn't even begin to match the level of quality of the other two, and you can't even think about this one without the other ones in the same breath. Still, it holds its own sometimes.The scale of its setpieces (especially the finale) and the sprawling political conflicts probably compare to the originals. But even if it's a logical narrative next step, it's…  
8908 Mixed feelings, liked it, no more than the others but lots of respect toward this trilogy and Pacino acting 
8909  No creo que el problema del The Godfather Part III sea el alejarse de la mafia y acercarse más a lo lícito. Al contrario, diría que es acierto. Es lo que Vito buscaba desde el momento cero. No obstante, falla en tantas cosas. Algunas incluso ridículas y que no me explico por qué suceden. El personaje de Vincent está sacado de la manga y si bien es interesante su aparición se siente forzada.  Ni hablar del drama familiar. Pierde muchísima…  
8910 It was just okay, honestly. More drama, less action, less intense. But seriously, though..."He's your first cousin.""Then I love him first."Like, WTF?? This made me want to pull my hair out! 🤮 
8911 i feel like im commiting the most horrible of crimes but i actually enjoyed this movie more than i did the first one..... i'm SO sorry.. i still wanted to punch sofia coppola's face throughout all of the film tho 
8912 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  I never thought I’d like the Godfather trilogy, but here I am! This one was a bit over the top, but I still enjoyed the high drama of it all, haha. The cousin lovin’ was a big no tho. 🙅🏼‍♂️  
8913 The Rocky V of the Godfather trilogy, but directed by Tommy Wiseau. 
8914  Francis Ford coppla made two of the best films of all time so it was a herculean task to end the trilogy with a bang. There was so much promise with the return of the original cast and crew. Unfortunately the final installment in the trilogy ended up being a disappointment. Al Pachino is still good as always and the directorial efforts from Coppla are still visually extravagant. The writing however took a turn for the worse with the stakes…  
8915 Oh yeah and there’s this one. What laugh this was. Not bad but not good. More thoughts on this one in the video. 
8916  It's really not a bad flick! People complain about the casting of Sofia Coppola but honestly... I respect the big guy for casting his own daughter in an incest subplot followed by her murder. It's such a tasteless move that I found it quite funny.The set pieces that prop up each act are still worth the price of admission to this day. I almost long for a version of this that is just the set pieces presented as vignettes…  
8917 The Works | The Godfather trilogyCoppola’s “epilogue” to the Godfather story looks the part to match its predecessors, but with a far more directionless story and a less than stellar supporting cast which would be unthinkable twenty years previously, this third outing feels more out of obligation than passion.The Godfather trilogy ranked 
8918 i watched the entire trilogy so now i'm finally a filmbro 
8919 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   A man who doesn’t spend time with his family can never be a real man. I was hesitant to rewatch this film after revisiting the first two. I was all ready to do a Buster Keaton double feature, but then I thought about it for a bit, and I decided to rewatch this. I’ve got to finish what I started. Michael never wanted to be in the family business. That’s why he joined the military. To gain some control over…   
8920 75 
8921 The Amusing one 
8922 Coppola’s direction and the performances, say for his daughter who is dreadful to watch, are really solid. But this feels so much of a tonal departure from the first two films that it just doesn’t work. There are some interesting narrative ideas but none of them ever feel earned or justified. C 
8923 Say what you want about this, but that final shot encapsulates Michael’s complete ascension to becoming the don of the Corleone family. It’s large transitional jump in time is striking, and also deeply sad to see Michael all alone, just like the ending of The Godfather Part II. 
8924 Can you imagine being Coppola and releasing Godfather, Godfather II, The conversation AND Apocalypse Now, all in less than 8 years?CAN YOU IMAGINE? 
8925 Really not as awful as I was lead to believe 
8926 6.4/10 
8927 I love the Godfather films, I really do, but this just fell short of the others. It wasn't as exciting or fun to watch and I didn't feel like I was witnessing anything great like I did with the first one. I felt like there were plot lines wrote in to add drama to the story but the only reason why, was because they knew they were repeating what they have done before in the first two films and needed to bring in something new so it wasn't just a copy of the greats. 
8928 I Slumped over in my chair like Pacino when it was over. Also I was so grossed out by the cousins fingering the tortellinis together. It just is so disjointed from the other two. 
8929  spit on my face, curse on my grave but i still love the black sheep of the trilogy.it hits different seeing mah boi michael corleone more human & vulnerable. as a viewer, it feels like i'm also retiring from my badass mafia bitch era. a wild transition it is. being not as vigorous & sharp anymore, but at least more certain & profound. honestly, it made me equally emotional & sentimental towards the whole course of their journey as a family. they all…  
8930 This is totally inaccurate... as well as greedy bastards, priests are also all paedophiles 
8931 نیم ساعت پایانی فیلم، با ارجاعات مکرر به هیچکاک و آیزنشتاین، به معنای واقعی کلمه باشکوه بود.پ.ن: دو سه تا کات خیلی بد داشت. 
8932 Esse filme sabe, assim como nós, o quanto é impossível para ele se comparar aos dois anteriores. E está ai toda a sua dignidade.Além disso, Sofia Coppola não está tão ruim quanto querem que pensemos ao nos lembrarmos do filme.Assistido em Blu-ray 
8933 Finally watched this..... and it ain't bad at all.The lengths Coppola has taken in to nail the look of his earlier films is a remarkable achievement in itself considering how much time has passed. It looks like a Godfather movie, it feels like a Godfather movie - it IS a Godfather movie.But that ending?..... WOOFI can't believe he just fell over like that. 
8934 al pacino as michael corleone will always be my daddy 
8935 despite sofia coppola's bad acting, i cant hate the rest of it... 
8936 ¿3.4? Que renuncie todo Letterboxd, irrespetuosos. 
8937 It feels like a cold cup of coffee you forgot to drink yesterday. 
8938 The Godfather 3Drinking Game:1. If Micheal does something out of character 2. If Micheal yells3. If Sofie shows up (she can't act for shit)4. Incest happening (might double if the scene is too incesty,wait that not a word)Bonus:If the scenes are fucking stupidYou might be dead by the end of the movie but hey don't blame me. 
8939 in my opinion one of the most heartbreaking performances of al pacino, the third act was magnificent, i cried with the last minutes 
8940 Ojo, no es mala, pero pasaron 16 años y eso se nota en la forma de Al Pacino y la producción de la película, distinta a las anterioresPodría haber terminado en la película anterior y era el final perfectoIgual, la escena de la ópera y las escaleras >>>pd la manera en la que rankee está trilogía me hace pensar que no tengo criterio alguno 
8941  Okay I’m taking a deep breath. This movie is not nearly as bad as people say. In fact I would venture to say it’s actually very good. Its main problem is that when you compare it with the other two Godfathers, it’s like comparing a three star Michelin dish with your own home cooking, no matter how good it is. The story is actually pretty good. The Pacino and Keaton scenes are especially on form. It’s still beautifully shot and…  
8942  This is the “Al Pacino and Andy Garcia movie”(and not a good one)I finally finished The Godfather trilogy and in my opinion, this movie (much like Shrek 3) should not exist. It adds nothing to the story and if the plan was to show him old and the future of the family, I feel like that subject could’ve been tackled in the second movie in a Scorsese type way. You feel no connection to the characters (not even the…  
8943 Honderdste film van het jaar lol 
8944  Francis Ford Coppola RankedWhose fucking idea was it to give Michael fucking Corleone diabetes? The man who killed Virgil Solozzo, orchestrated the takedown of the most powerful men in the mafia, outwitted Hyman Roth, and held control over and grew the most powerful mafia family in the world does not have fucking diabetes. And he especially doesn't cry about regretting any of those things to a priest.Holy FUCKING Christ this is a bastard of a film. It's poorly…  
8945 Un peu en dessous des deux premiers à cause du manque de personnages forts, mais une belle conclusion. Le personnage de Michael Corleone est poussé au bout de sa logique, permettant d'achever le traitement des questionnements de la trilogie. La séquence finale est un véritable déchirement, touchant au sublime. 
8946 Kay in The Godfather Part II: At this moment I feel no love for you at all.Kay in The Godfather Part III: lol sike! 
8947 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.  Guys, it's not THAT bad. Don't get me wrong, it's not great either and it should have been so much better, but it's not awful. I will admit that I just didn't care about most of what was going on in this though. I don't give a shit about the plot to kill the pope, I don't give a shit about the Carleone incest, and I don't give a shit about Uncle Mike's diabetes.  
8948 this took me awhile to finish and i know most people have it but overall i thought it was really interesting and it put a good end to the trilogy. it’s not even close to as good as the others. 
8949 Need the Winona cutAlso something about it just felt off to me Mom rating 6/10 
8950 I really wanted to love this :((( 
8951  After my controversial thoughts on The Godfather: Part II, a film I still really liked as indicated here, I think most fans of this saga will be okay with me seeing this as the lesser of the three films in this saga. Although, I think it might even be lesser Francis Ford Coppola as well.I do like what Francis Ford Coppola is trying to do here, turning a much older Michael into more of a splitting image of his…  
8952 the sofia coppola that plays mary corleone and the sofia coppola that’s a director are two different entities. my mind can’t fathom that they’re the same person 
8953 “Just when i thought I was out, they pull me back in.”Mesmo que certas escolhas de roteiro influenciem de forma negativa na trama, a obra apresenta um bom fechamento para a jornada obscura de Michael Corleone. The Godfather III, ainda que não atinja o nível de grandiosidade de seus antecessores, consegue se estabelecer como um bom filme de máfia, rendendo momentos marcantes. 
8954 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   Wow, sharks have definitely been jumped here. Of course, Al Pacino's performance is fantastic, just as it was in the two movies before, but the only other positive aspect I could point out would be that this movie felt a lot more focused than Part II. It told its story in a straightforward way and didn't have to play with unnecessary time jumps to make everything needlessly complicated. Other than that, there really isn't anything worth praising here. Enough has…   
8955  Coppola Marathonletterboxd.com/martinjacob49/list/coppola-marathon/54/100YouTube review of The Godfather Part III... www.youtube.com/watch?v=_t5kEKRMQYEEven on a rewatch, The Godfather Part III still ranks for me as one of the most disappointing sequels in film history, alongside The Matrix Revolutions and Kingdom of the Crystal Skull!Not that this is a bad movie by any means, as it's still well-directed for the most part, it's visually striking, and I still highly enjoyed Al Pacino in the lead role of Michael. For the…  
8956 Diğer iki filme göre kendi fikrimce biraz düşük kalsa da, yine de mükemmel bir film. Serinin sonunu ağlayarak bitirdik. Unutulmayacak bir efsanedir The Godfather. 
8957 Not bad - maybe even good! I liked it more than I expected, even with its flaws (Sofia...is not great but really isn’t that bad). I always love old haunted Al, and he does a good job of bringing this new version of Michael to the screen. Nice to see Silvio Dante's favorite line acted out. Still a bit jarring to hear an Elvis Costello song in this. 
8958 On the final years of a mafioso, The Irishman was subtler and better, but this is still a very good movie. I didn’t know Andy Garcia could be hot. 
8959 This review may contain spoilers. I can handle the truth.   This is a tricky one. In the last couple of months, I rewatched the Godfather and The Godfather Part II. Then you know that there is also a sequel. But no one really likes it. Still, I wanted to see it again. It was also 10 years or longer ago that I saw it for the first time. And seeing it now again I have to tell you that I liked it more then I expected it to be. I…   
8960 All of what Part III did was just remind me how good the first two Godfather movies were. 
8961  Okay yup this was mediocre as fuck. I really wanted to come on here and be like “y’all overhate the fuck out of this” but yeah its mediocre. This film just wasn’t as good as it should have been. It was entertaining don’t get me wrong. Pacino was great as usual. And Michael’s character development was the best part of this movie for me as his story comes full circle in the 3rd act of this film. However I just…  
8962 10I was going to do some heartfelt longform write up about my thoughts on this movie. But after that ending I don't think it's even worth the effort.One of the most frustrating films ever made. 
8963  The Godfather part 3 is by far the low point in the trilogy. Whilst part two feels like it exists as part of the original, telling one story with two halves, this feels like a tacked on sequel. Which apparently it was as Coppola made no plans to make a third film. Michael’s arc feels complete at the end of the second film. We see him go from likeable and down to earth to a cold hearted gangster. His arc…  
8964 The saddest thing about Godfather Part III is that in a couple of months all I'll remember about it is incest, donkey noices and Sofia Coppolas acting. 
8965 COWARDS. ALL OF YOU. EVERY SINGLE ONE. 
8966 Goddamnit, Andy García has such a punchable face. 
8967 it isn’t as bad as everyone says it is but it also isn’t great compared to the other two... i liked the ending at least, I think it was very bittersweet 
8968 نهايه جميله مُنصفه لسلسله مُخلده في التاريخ ...الفلم مغاير نوعاً ما للجزئين السابقه بسبب التقدم الزمني والاتجاه الى احداث مختلفه لكن اجواء الفلم كانت موجوده مع اني ماحبيت فكرة البابا والفاتيكان كانت ممله شوي لكن ما اثرت بشكل كامل .. تاثير بسيط يكاد لا يذكر الحقيقه ال باتشينو بروفيسور في التمثيل .. ادائه في المشهد ماقبل الاخير لامسني من كثر الواقعيه وفعلاً افضل مشهد تمثيلي بالسلسله كامله .. عظيم 👏🏽- السلسله ماهي اقرب سلسلة افلام الى قلبي من ناحيه عاطفي لكن من باب الانصاف هذي اعظم سلسله تقريباً ، والجزء الاول من اعظم الافلام اللي شفتهم بحياتي 👍 
8969 Nearly put me to sleep. Pointless third addition. 
8970  What a drag. Slack and uninvolving where the first two were engrossing, explicit where they were subtle, goofy and over-the-top where they were sober (a helicopter driveby? What is this, fucking Grand Theft Auto?). I don't think I'm being unfair comparing it to them, either, because this movie practically begs the viewer to do exactly that. Even the opera scene, unquestionably the movie's peak, is basically just there to remind you of the baptism from the original. I'll defend Sofia…  
8971  Legitimately awful. I could not have expected this in my wildest nightmares. Everyone knows Sofia Coppola's performance is TERRIBLE, but once again it's worse than I thought it could be, and the rest of the cast (bar Al Pacino and Andy Garcia) cannot deliver any of the atrocious dialogue either! Everything that comes out of these cardboard cutout "character"s mouths is expository and repetitive. There are constant shouts of "you're my enemy!" or "we sure are in [insert name of…  
8972 look i'm not saying i condone incest, i'm just saying that, in this case, i understand it 
8973  Uh, alright? I was actually ready to love this based on the opening scene. I was excited! It was cool to see Michael Corleone so far in his career, and his kids grown up. I was thinking, “Okay! This isn’t bad. It’s got the charm of the first two still.” But that all disappears at some point within the first act. This was an extremely mixed bag. Compared to the other masterful films, this just feels kind of lazy and messy.…  
8974 Severely okay. Hard to top the first two masterpieces. Incest is bad mkay 
8975 This is missing the same passion and artistry of the Corleone family we know. 
8976  Vamos a ver. Es curioso que de las tres películas que conforman la trilogía, esta sea de la que más cosas tenga que decir. Supongo que porque las dos primeras me dejan sin palabras. Que "El Padrino: Parte III" es la peor de la saga no es ninguna novedad, no obstante, sigue siendo un producto notable. Leí una crítica hace tiempo que tachaba a Coppola y a Puzo de negligentes con respecto al guión, y estoy bastante de acuerdo. Pero…  
8977 Sofia innocentMary guilty 
8978 “A habit of a long contemplation for eternity” 
8979 A нисам га безвезе одлагао скоро десет година :@ Реално је и за мању оцену, него ајде као Сицилија је лијепа 
8980 I wish this would have been made closer to the other ones. the aesthetic of this one just feels so much more, sterile? i miss the grit of the 1970’s film and sound and lighting. also there’s a lot of violence that really doesn’t help the story progress. I liked the idea of seeing what Michael had done to the family in their later years tho. 
8981 Yeah this was so much less engaging than the first two?? And I know why Sofia directs instead of acts. The over the top violence really betrayed the first two as well. At least I know what this ones like now 
8982 Puede quedar opacada y ,hasta en muchos casos, ser menospreciada en comparación a sus 2 predecesoras, pero El Padrino III es una obra tan completa y compleja que cada vez que se se vuelve a revisar se le siguen encontrando cosas nuevas, se le sigue sacando jugo (de naranja) a una obra compleja y completa. Desde religión y política internacional, historia de la humanidad hasta conflictos personales, familiares e intrafamiliares.Masterpiece 
8983 In a league of it's own, if we compare it with first two parts. Unfortunately for everyone, it's bushleague. 
8984 Strip away the style, engaging story, genius character development, iconic acting and powerful emotions from the first two Godfather movies and you're left with a generic gangster film, only really pretentious. 
8985  Mi pequeña odisea ha llegado a su fin, en sólo tres días he tenido la oportunidad de disfrutar de la trilogía que marcó y sigue marcando a muchos de los usuarios que usamos está página.A nivel argumental esta tercera película no sólo tiene la obligacion de contar una historia por si sola, sino que también debe hacer lo mismo con la trilogía, con cada uno de sus personajes, en especial de Michael Corleone. Y es que es él el…  
8986 No puedo creer los últimos minutos de película... Impresionante y emocionante. 
8987 While ‘The Godfather: Part III’ is rightfully considered the weakest of the trilogy, I was actually surprised with how much I enjoyed it. It lacks some of the impresive technical elements that made Part I and II masterpieces, but Pacino, García and Mantegna makes up for it with their good performances - and as for Sofia Coppolas double Razzie nominations.. That is just a testament to how big a joke that sorry excuse for a “price” is. 
8988 2:34:55 had me dying of laughter and rewinding to make sure I saw it correctly. Don’t skip to this scene unless you want spoilers... obviously. 
8989 0.5 étoiles en moins dû à la grincente performance de Miss Coppola. 
8990 Look how they massacred my seminal epic crime saga 
8991  “Politics and crime. They’re the same thing.”Ok, so I think I've said this on the podcast but might as well write it here. This movie is not bad. The worst thing about it is that it is the sequel to two of the ten/twenty or so best films ever made. The Oscar-nominated Andy Garcia performance is incredible. Coppola's indictment of the Catholic Church is *chef's kiss.* Sofia Coppola, thought certainly subpar, is nowhere near as bad as history has…  
8992 I'm gonna try to drink away my memories of this film and i'm curious if Coppola did the same 
8993  Well on a bright side, it's not as bad as I remembered it.For starters, on this second viewing I have to concede that the infamous helicopter scene and the 'hit at the parade scene' made sense thematically, although logistically speaking it would be nigh impossible. However on this second viewing I also recognize that the writing and acting were downright atrocious. All subtlety were thrown out of the window in favor of spectacles or catchy catchphrases. And I'm not…  
8994 I mean yeah there's incest in this but damn it still slaps 
8995  Imagine being a sequel to the best film ever made. Imagine being the sequel of the best sequel ever made. This is what THE GODFATHER PART 3 tries to do 16 years later. For all the backlash, G3 is probably the best hated movie ever made. There seems to be confusion as to why people hate it so much. I feel that maybe it's hated because of word of mouth; We are supposed to hate it!Well, I love it!…  
8996 one taught me love,one taught me patience,and one taught me pain.guess what this one is 
8997 Not as bad as people say it is. I found it to be great on its own, the story is intriguing it’s shot damn well, and the performances are pretty solid (Save for a few.)It’s only tarnished when put up against the juggernauts that are the first two entries in the trilogy. Sofia Coppola is still the love of my life, I have no regrets. 
8998  Although I have seen Parts 1 and 2 numerous times over the decades, I had never watched Part 3. The conventional wisdom is that it’s an inferior movie and unworthy of the first two. But I recently decided to put myself through the 9-hour task of watching all three in order (thankfully not in one sitting), and quickly came to the conclusion that the conventional wisdom is correct. Much has been said of the poor performance by Sophia, but the…  
8999 t.co/ZFp2KVw2gs 
9000  When they come, they come at what you love.There’s a total of 4 good scenes in this almost 3 hour movie, which is a shame, because there are so many scenes that had the potential to be amazing, but fell short.I can’t say too many bad things about this final installment, Al Pacino and Andy Garcia are amazing in it. It wasn’t painful to watch, but some scenes were definitely laughable. It feels like an entirely different person…  
